###"Evil Twin"###

Yeah, trying to figure out the difference
But I think, I think the lines are starting to get blurry

I'm in a strange place
I feel like Ma$e when he gave up the game for his faith
I feel like I'm caged in these chains and restraints
Grimming every stranger in the place while I gaze into space
'Cause I'm mentally rearranging his face
I need a change of pace 'cause the pace I'm working at is dangerous
There's nowhere to dump this anger and thanks to this angst
I done quit chicken heads in cold turkey and started slowly roasting 'em
'Cause that's where most of my anger is based
Fuck your feelings, I feel like I play for the Saints
I just wanna hurt you, aim for the skanks
Then aim for all these fake Kanye's, Jay's, Wayne's and the Drake's
I'm frustrated 'cause ain't no more N'Sync, now I'm all out of whack
I'm all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack
I'm going all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is
I'm strapped for battle sucka-duck, crawl out the back, it's a bar fight
Prepare your arsenal and beware of bar stools flying through the air
And bottles breaking, mirrors also
And I ain't stopping 'til the swear jar's full
You done called every woman a slut, but you're forgetting Sarah, Marshall (Palin)
Oh my bad, slut
And next time I show up to court I'll be naked and just wear a lawsuit
Judge be like "That's sharp, how much did that motherfucker cost you?
Smart ass, you're lucky I don't tear it off you
And jump your bones, you sexy motherfucker
You're so fucking gravy, Marshall, I should start calling you "au jus"
'Cause all's you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo.
Evil twin, take this beat now, it's all you."
I believe people can change, but only for the worse
I could've changed the world if it wasn't for this verse
So satanic K-Mart chains panic
'Cause they can't even spin back the curse words
'Cause they're worse when they're reversed, motherfucker
(rape your mother, kill your parents)

Shit, motherfucker, and these kids are like parrots
They run around the house just like terrorists
Screaming "fuck, shit, fuck"
Adult with a childish-like arrogance
Wild ever since the day I came out I was like "merits, fuck that"
I'd rather be loud and I like swearing
From the first album even the gals were like "tight lyrics, dreamy eyes"
But my fucking mouth was nightmarish
And from the start of it you felt like you were a part of this
And the opposition felt the opposite
Sometimes I listen and revisit them old albums
Often as I can and skim through all them bitches
To make sure I keep up with my competition
(ha ha) Hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes
Borderline genius who's bored of his lines
And that sort of defines where I'm at and the way I feel now
Feel like I might just strike first and ignore the replies

There's darkness closing in (evil twin)
There it goes again (my evil twin),
It controls my pen (my evil twin),
But that ain't me, it's my evil twin
(then I step out and see my evil twin he gives me an evil grin)
But he's just a friend (evil twin),
Who pops up now and again (again)
So don't blame me (evil twin)
Blame him, it's my evil twin
(then I step out and see my evil twin he gives me an evil grin)

Welcome back to the land of the living, my friend
You have slept for quite some time

So who's left? Lady Gaga? Mess with the Bieber?
Nah, F with Christina, I ain't fucking with either Jessica neither
Simpson or Alba, my albums just sicker than strep with the fever
Get the Cloriseptic, Excedrin, Aleve or Extra Strength Tylenol 3's
Feel like I'm burning to death, but I'm freezin'
Bed-ridden and destined never to leave the
Bedroom ever again like the legend of Heath-uh- Ledger
My suicide notes, barely legible read the
Bottom, it's signed by The Joker
Lorena said I never can leave her
She'd sever my wiener I ever deceive her
Fuck that shit, bitch
Give up my dick for pussy, I'd be Jerry Mathers
I ever left it to Beaver
Get them titties cut off tryna mess with a cleaver
Golly-wally, I vent, heat register, Jesus
Ever since 1-9-9-4-6 Dresden it was definitely my destiny
When on the steps I met DeShaun at Osborn
I'd never make it to sophomore
I just wanted to skip school and rap, used to mop floors
Flip burgers and wash dishes while I wrote rhymes tryna get props for 'em
'Cause I took book-smarts and swapped for 'em
They were sleeping, I made 'em stop snorin'
Made 'em break out the popcorn
Now I've been hip-hop in its tip-top form
Since N.W.A. was blaring through my car windows leaning on the horn
Screaming, "Fuck the police!" like cop porn
Flipped rap on its ear like I dropped corn
Fuck top 5, bitch, I'm top 4
And that includes Biggie and Pac, whore
And I got an evil twin, so who the fuck do you think that 3rd and that 4th spot's for?
And crazy as I am I'm much tamer than him
And I'm nuts, then again who the fuck wants a plain Eminem?
But no one's insaner than Slim, look at that evil grin (evil twin)
Please come in, what was your name again?
Hi, faggot
Look who's back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there
Two rabbits, a koala bear and a ball of hair
And you're all aware I don't got it all upstairs
Guess that's why I'm an addict and it's so small up there
Peace to Whitney, geez, just hit me
That I should call the Looney Police to come get me
'Cause I'm so sick of being the truth I wish someone'd finally admit me
To a mental hospital with Britney
Oh, LMFAO, no way, ho
Jose Baez couldn't beat this rap, OJ no
Hooray, I'm off the hook like Casey Anthony
Hey ho, hey ho
I sound like I'm tryna sing the fucking chorus to "Hip Hop Hooray"?
No, I'm hollering, you got bottom end like an 8-0-8
And I base whether we're fucking off that instead of your face, so
Let your low-end raise, yo
Tango, what you think, ho?
Slow dancing in the bowling
You tryna hold hands with your homie?
What? You think I'm looking for romance 'cause I'm lonely?
Change that tune, you ain't got a remote chance to control me
Hoe, I'm only vulnerable when I got a boner
Superman tried to fuck me over, it won't hurt
Don't try to fix me, I'm broke so I don't work
So are you, but you're broke 'cause you don't work
But all bullshit aside I hit a stride
Still Shady inside, hair every bit as dyed
As it used to be when I first introduced y'all to my skittish side
And blamed it on him when they tried to criticize
'Cause we are the same, bitch

###"Public Enemy #1"###

I sense someones tapping into my phones why do
I got this feeling in my bones I might die soon
The F.B.I might be tryin to pull my file soon
I might be walking blind fold into a typhoon
I might be seeing rockets light up the night sky
Right outside of the window of my living room
And if they do you can say goodnight and bye bye to them itunes
If I don't try to record as much before I do
The plan is to have as many in the can as I can
As I stand before you in this booth a walking deadman
Blank stare dead pan look as my face as I gaze into space
As I wait to be scooped up in that van
Mysteriously disappear into thin air
And they gon' say a sniper just appeared out of no where
And I'll go down in the history as the blood sucking leech
Who hid behind the freedom of speech
Tryed to take the fifth amendment use it, twist it and bend it
And ended up dying to fill out in the heros splinters (?)
The business way to end this I can feel the tremors tremendous
In remembrance of september 11
Flash back to september 7th
When Tupac was murdered in Vegas
He said that he predicted his own death
Let us never forget it or should we ever live to regret it
Like the day John F Kennedy was assasinated in broad day
By a craze lunatic with a gun
Who just happened to work on the same block in a library book depository
Where the President would go for a little friday stroll
Shots fired from the grassy knoll
But they don't know or do they?
Whos they for them to say Touch©
Where all vunerable and it's spooky
This is about as cookey as I've ever felt now
Count down to Nuclear Meltdown
7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
You can run you can do what you want to
But you know you aint gonna do nuttin
When its time its your time
You are the prime target
You have become Public Enemy Number 1

###"The Re-Up"###

[Intro - Eminem]

[Beatboxing] Yeah, we should do something like that...

[Chorus - 50 Cent]

Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, b-boom, Shady!

[Verse 1 - Eminem]

There's never been this, much of a menace in this game as this
And it's the, most sinister duo in the business
Once again its the, illest and realest killas
The most villainous Dre protege, Shady apprentice
Drop them zeros and get with these heroes
Do you want losers or winners, this music is in us, and it's
Not over 'till we say it's finished and G-Unit spinners
Will keep spinnin', this is Hip Hop when it's in it's
Truest form, the greatest, Hate us or love us
Make voodoo dolls of us and keep stickin' those pins in us
Thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is
The trick is to be able to walk big as his dick is
And as sick as his music is, or was, still is
Whatever, forever, he will be the illest
To ever sh-shock the world, what to do next
He's already reconciled with his ex [reversed], a chainsaw and an axe
Jump a bitch's desk, strangle her neck
While we have sex while Bill Clinton plays the sax
I sprays the vex, yeah bring Shady on back
The maniac of rap, devil baby on crack
Resurrect, I never left, baby I'm bad
I've gone mad, my comrade Dre-zy automatically
He says I'm too broke to fix, way beyond that
I may be off drugs, but it's made me off track
In fact, this right here very well could be the last rap
I ever do spit, I'll never do shit, that's that
Fuck it I quit, suck on a dick, jackass
I'm done with this wack ass rap, kiss my black ass

[Verse 2 - 50 Cent]

Nah, Em, tell 'em to kiss my black ass, to clean parts, to shitty parts,
My bullet wounds, my beauty marks, the Fif'll tell you're ass apart!
A game in this game, crush a motherfuckers free start,
Shady paid me, Shady crazy, Fifty crazy rich, bitch,
Different day, nothing change, it's the same shit, trick,
Teflon wrapped on, case I get clapped on,
D's searching the whip, glad I left the mac home,
Still grindin', still shinin', nigga lord knows,
You rocking wit the kid to spit sicker sick flows,
I carried Game's style for nine months and gave birth to it,
Now I'm feeling like a proud father watching him do it,
E'eryday Dre day, front and cause a maylay,
Turn the town upside down with a frown upside down,
I smile through summan' fowl, and watch my money pile,
I'm fuckin' with strict stacks, I'm kickin' you stripped fats,
I hit you with it, bag it, pump it, bring me mines right back!

[Hook - 50 Cent (Eminem)]

Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Go 'head, funky funk up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, I hit yo' ass up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up! (Yeah!)
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, (It's the Re-Up!)
Shady, Shady....

###"Wicked Ways"###

[Hook - X Ambassadors:]
I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell

[Verse 1 - Eminem:]
Guess I got a way with words, I could get away with murder
Ever heard of Aspergers'? It's a rare condition
It's what you're suffering from
When you simply don't care if it's an
80 degree day and there's no fricken air conditioning
And you can't see the bitch’s hair is frizzing
Cause you got the windows up
Blaring the system in your Chevrolet Prizm
The devil ain't on a level same as him
Picture someone who revels in straight masochism
And imagine him giving an adjective an ass whooping
So bad they should put his ass in prison
A word bully, I verbally abuse verbs
Like they did something to me personally
Used to get bullied, so I'd cut class and ditch it
Now I bully rap, I'm the shit, faggot (sniff it)
Cadillac from a K Car
My ass from a hole in the ground, still can’t tell em a-part
Came straight out the trailer park screaming I'm proud
To shop at K-Mart and it became art
And I'm still fed up and as pissed off as they are
To this day I, still get in fights with the same broad
At the same Walmart arguing over the same cart
In the middle of the aisle whilin'
I don't give a fuck I don't play!
Bitch you think you saw this basket first?
You're ass backwards like motherfucking Bob and Silent Jay
Illest shit you could think I would say
Mind's like a pile of clay
When's the last time that you saw a villain with a cape
Ripped a gaping hole in it
Flipped out, ripped down the drapes
Tied 'em around my neck
Went down the fire escape of the Empire State
Slipped, fell straight down to the ground
Splattered all over the entire state
And straight to hell, got impaled by the gates
Saw Satan, stuck his face in an ashtray
While I sashayed around flames with a match and I gave him the gas face
And this ain't got nothing to do with a scale or being gay little faggot
But by the way, thoughts are getting darker by the day
I'm a combination of Skylar Grey, Tyler the Creator, and Violent J
It's a fuckin' miracle to be this lyrical
Paint my face with clown makeup and a smiley face I'm insane
Every rhyme I say, sons you like an ultra violet ray
I’m selling hatred buffet style, all the shit you can eat
$11.99 so come on and pile a plate
I’m throwin' down the gauntlet to see what hell I can raise
With the rhyme I’m spittin' while I’m shittin' on competition
In the meantime it’s always mean time

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Eminem:]
I’ve been a career asshole
I don’t see why these people always got my back
I done said so much fucked up shit, I was born a mistake
But I was put here not by accident
I had a purpose and that purpose was to beat a beat purplish
Slaughter tracks, I done put my two dimes and a nickel in this shit
I’m coming to get that quarter back
Like Ndamukong, the drama can build
Your mama can ask me for my autograph
Cause that cougar's a MILF, she's the oldest trick in the book
But I sure would fall for that
You done brought a bat to a rocket launcher fight
When I get on the mic I'mma snap
Make you wish the ambulance that took me to the hospital
When I overdosed woulda caught a flat
If it makes you sick to your stomach acid
Indigestion, my suggestion’s Kaopectate
If it feels like I'm running away with the game
It's cause I am, don't speculate, spectate
All I got is dick for days and insults for decades
But I get by with my wicked ways
Lady you can suck a dick til your neck aches
Cry til you get puffy eyes, red faced
But I'm leaving on this jet plane
You ain't fly, you're an airhead
And I'm sick of pounding a square peg in a round hole, sorry another catchphrase
But your baggage ain't gonna fit in my storage overhead space
Cause it just ain't big enough to fit your damaged goods
Other words don't try to put your heart in a headcase
Cause baby, stable mentally I ain't
I need my meds, I peed my bed
I'm going blind, I don't see my legs
I keep on falling down, no wonder you can't stand me, I need my cane
Someone help me, I think my face is melting
If you felt these migraines and see these maggots eat my brain
This G-I-A-N-T hole in my empty head
If you read my mind, you can see my pain
And you'd see why I be this way
Ever since I was knee high playin' with G.I. Joes
Told these hoes shut their P-I-E holes, now peep my game
Cause I'm 'bout it 'bout it
Like a (like a) fucking (fucking)
Echo (echo)... (Psych) Psycho on a cyclone cycle
Spiraling, here I go, I`m outta control like no
Other mic go, stab you til' the knife goes - dull
I'm nothing but a hole inside your skull where your eye goes
Coz I'mma sock it to you
Dyke ho, you don't like it
Get on your Harley Davidson menstrual cycle
And ride it like a motorbike
I'm finna blow the mic the whole night so
Strike up the fucking maestro, I'm nitro
And hi ho, hand me my shovel, I'm liable to dig my hole
Deeper, and it's off to H.E double hockey sticks I go

[Hook]

[Outro - Eminem & Ken Kaniff:]
Ohh please be empty, please be empty, please be empty
Thank you, God
[Bathroom door opening, someone walks in]
Shit...
[Sounds of pissing and crapping]
Is that a girl?
[Ken Kaniff singing:]
I'm gonna rock this blouse and put a cock in my mouth
And get my balls blew out, and get gay into the A.M
And lay with 18 guys naked and let myself show, let myself show
- Why do I know that voice?
Buttfuck it, suck it, pull it, tug it
Life's too short to not stroke your bone
- Are you fucking serious?
So everybody, everybody
Circle jerk, touch my body
[Doors slam, screaming]
Who is that? Where are you going? Come back
Why does everyone always leave me?
Hello? Fuck you then
[Loud crapping noise]
Blow it out your ass

###"Brain Damage"###

[Doctor] Scalpel
[Nurse] Here
[Doctor] Sponge
[Nurse] Here
[Doctor] Wait.. he's convulsing, he's convulsing!
[Nurse] Ah!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse] Oh my! Oh my God!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse] Oh my God!

[Eminem]
These are the results of a thousand electric volts
A neck with bolts, "Nurse we're losin him, check the pulse!"
A kid who refused to respect adults
Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose
A corny lookin white boy, scrawny and always ornery
Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin on me
And I might snap, one day just like that
I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack
(Whosssssh) My first day in junior high, this kid said,
"It's you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die"
I looked at my watch it was one twenty
"I already gave you my lunch money what more do you want from me?!?"
He said, "Don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse..."
My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first
Something told me, "Try to fake a stomach ache it works"
I screamed, "Owww! My appendix feels like they could burst!
Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse!"
[N] "What's the matter?"
[E] "I don't know, my leg, it hurts!"
[N] "Leg?!? I thought you said it was your tummy?!?"
[E] "Oh, I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee!"
[N] "Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over.
And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework."
[E] "But don't you wanna give me after school detention?"
[N] "Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'ma let him."

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

Brain damage, ever since the day I was born
Drugs is what they used to say I was on
They say I never knew which way I was goin
But everywhere I go they keep playin my song

[Eminem]
Brain damage..
Way before my baby daughter Hailey
I was harassed daily by this fat kid named D'Angelo Bailey
An eighth grader who acted obnoxious, cause his father boxes
so everyday he'd shove me in the lockers
One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin
And had me in the position to beat me into submission
He banged my head against the urinal til he broke my nose,
Soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my throat
I tried to plead and tell him, "We shouldn't beef"
But he just wouldn't leave, he kept chokin me and I couldn't breathe
He looked at me and said, "You gonna die honkey!"
The principal walked in (What's going on in here?)
and started helpin him stomp me
I made them think they beat me to death
Holdin my breath for like five minutes before they finally left
Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth
Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four inch screws
Grabbed some sharp objects, brooms, and foreign tools
"This is for every time you took my orange juice,
or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk.
Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt.
I'm gettin you back bully! Now once and for good."
I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could
and beat him over the head with it til I broke the wood
Knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot..
.. Made it home, later that same day
Started reading a comic, and suddenly everything became gray
I couldn't even see what I was tryin to read
I went deaf, and my left ear started to bleed
My mother started screamin, "What are you on, drugs?!?
Look at you, you're gettin blood all over my rug!" (Sorry!)
She beat me over the head with the remote control
opened a hole, and my whole brain fell out of my skull
I picked it up and screamed, "Look bitch, what have you done?!?"
[M] "Oh my God, I'm sorry son"
[E] "Shut up you cunt!" I said, "Fuck it!"
Took it and stuck it back up in my head
then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Brain damage..
It's brain damage..
I got brain damage..
It's brain damage..
It's probably brain damage..
It's brain damage..
Brain damage..
I got brain damage..

###"My Name Is"###

[Chorus: x2]
Hi! My name is... (what?) My name is... (who?)
My name is... [scratches] Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (huh?) My name is... (what?)
My name is... [scratches] Slim Shady

Ahem... excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class for one second?

[Eminem:]
Hi kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah yeah yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm trying to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Ummmm...)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!"
Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man you wasted!"
Well since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else
Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!)
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off!

[Chorus]

[Eminem:]
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in Junior High
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of papers (Owwwwwwww!)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in her tip cup
Extraterrestrial runnin' over pedestrians
In a space ship while they screaming at me: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!"
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn!)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her (Oh thank you!)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph
(Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!'

[Chorus]

[Eminem:]
Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh yup!)
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka - dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops!)
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhh-too)
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breast feed me mom? (Wah!)
You ain't got no tits! (Wahhh!)
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (BANG!)
I'm steaming mad (Arrrggghhh!)
And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had

[Chorus]

###"So Bad"###

Yeah.
Ha ha, you feel that baby?
Yeah, I feel it too.
Damn.
You know, I'm so glad we could spend this time together
See, I'm not as crazy as you thought I was, am I?
Heh.

I'm the American dream! I'm the definition of white trash balling,
I'm right back on 'em, with the
I can't call it
Same shit, different toilet, oh you got a nice ass darlin'!
Can't wait to get you into my Benz, take you for a spin
What you mean we ain't fuckin', you take me for a friend?
Let me tell you the whole story of Shady's origin
You'll be sorry if you slam my Mercedes door again!
Now, it all started with my father
I must have got my pimping genes from him, the way he left my mama
I'm a rolling stone just like him, word to Johnny Drama
Keep my entourage with me, baby I'll make a promise
There ain't nobody as bomb as me
I'm as calm as the breeze, I'm the bees knees, his legs and his arms I'm a
S-superstar, girl, I'm ready for you mama!
Why you think the only thing I got on is my pyjamas?

[2x]
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

I'm equivalent to a shot of Cuevo, first I kiss your navel
Work my way down, baby you can lay down on the table
But you may wanna find something more stable
I told you I ain't fooling from the gate, this ain't the first day of April!
But thank you for staying April, I'mma make you learn
To appreciate me, differentiate me
From these phony, little fishy and sissy fake G's
Skip over the "huggy bear" and all the "kissy face", please
Initiate phase three! Missy now service me
Take another shot of Jäger, shake it so nervously
Take your time baby, ooh you're the bomb baby!
Ooh you're doing that even better than your mom lady!
I told you why I'm Shady, you didn't listen now, did you?
Relax woman, you know that I'm only kidding with you
Got a twisted sense of humour, it's warped, but I didn't hit you
I think you're finally starting to get the picture, I'm just...

[2x]
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
I can hold you in the morning
But in the evening I gotta go.
'cause I'm on to the next girl,
And the next girl I kinda like, oh, oh, oh!

I got you caught up in the rapture
Make you recapture the feelings you had for your last boyfriend before he slapped you
You never wanted someone so bad you're sweating
But if I'm what you wanted, why'd you panic when I grabbed you?
Girl don't be so frantic I'm just a hopeless romantic
Don't try to fight the feeling of something that's so organic
You can't ignore it, so don't just stand before it
Just drop them panties to the floor, let's get to camcordin'
Damn shorty, I told you this was bound to happen
Soon as you wrote your number on a napkin I was bound to work a number on your back and
Throw your spine out of alignment
My love has got you so blinded you couldn't pick Amy Winehouse out of a lineup
so stop at a store, pick a pint up
Let's get the pineapple schnapps going, no one'll knock 'cause I'mma hang a sign up
Saying "Don't Disturb", shorty I'm so superb
I say the right things, don't I spit the dopest words?

[2x]
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
I can hold you in the morning
But in the evening I gotta go.
'cause I'm on to the next girl,
And the next girl I kinda like, oh, oh, oh!

[2x]
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

Ha ha.
Dr. Dre
2010!
Light years ahead of you, ha ha.
Who!

###"No Love"###

Love.
Don't hurt me.
Don't hurt me
No more.
Young Money...
No more.
Love.

[Lil Wayne:]
Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
But it's "fuck the world", get a child out her
Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing about her
Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers
I'm rolling Sweets, I'm smoking sour
Married to the game but she broke her vows
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
And my night stands are full of open Bibles, uh.
I think about more than I forget
But I don't go around fire expecting not to sweat
And these niggas know I lay 'em down, make your bed
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down: I'll break your leg
Money outweighing problems on a triple beam
I'm sticking to the script, you niggas skipping scenes, uh.
Be good or be good at it
Fucking right I've got my gun, semi-Cartermatic
Yeah, put a dick in their mouth, so I guess it's "fuck what they say"
I'm high as a bitch: up, up and away
Man, I'll come down in a couple of days
OK, you want me up in a cage, then I'll come out in beast mode
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G-code
It's Weezy motherfucker, Blood gang and I'm in bleed mode
All about my dough but I don't even check the peep-hole
So you can keep knocking but won't knock me down
No love lost, no love found

[Eminem and Lil Wayne:]
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just (don't hurt me)
That's right bitch (don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you (no more)
Ha, bitch you get (no love)
You showed me nothing but hate
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (yeah, yeah)
I don't need you (don't hurt me)
That's right (you don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you,
Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love, no, no love)
Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love)
And I don't need you (no more)
Get em

[Eminem:]
I'm alive again
More alive than I have been in my whole entire life
I can see these people's ears perk up as I begin
To spaz with the pen, I'm a little bit sicker than
most
Shit's finna get thick again
They say the competition is stiff
But I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in
I ain't never giving in again
Caution to the wind, complete freedom
Look at these rappers, how I treat them
So why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em
They call me a freak 'cause
I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat them
Man get these whack cocksuckers off stage
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him?
Snatch the mic from him, bitch I'mma let you finish in a minute
Yeah that rap was tight
But I'm 'bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might wanna go back to the lab tonight and um
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
From the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd
You can see the sparks from hot metal
Cold-hearted from the day I Bogarted the game
I so started to rock fellow
When I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted 'cause Marsh is not mellow
'Til I'm toppling from the top I'm not gonna stop
I'm standing on my Monopoly board
That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop
'Til my hip don't hop anymore (shit)
When you're so good that you can't say it
'Cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore (shit)
People just get sick 'cause you spit
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore
And you can never break my stride
You never slow the momentum at any moment I'm about to blow
You'll never take my pride
Killing the flow, slow venom and the opponent
Is getting no mercy, mark my words
Ain't letting up, relentless
I smell blood, I don't give a fuck: keep giving them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
You get no love

[Eminem and Lil Wayne:]
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just (don't hurt me)
That's right bitch (don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you (no more)
Ha, bitch you get (no love)
You showed me nothing but hate
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (around)
I don't need you (don't hurt me)
That's right (you don't hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you,
Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love, no, no love)
Ha, bitch you get (no love, no, no love, no, no love)
And I don't need you (no more)
Bitch, you get (no love)

###"So Far..."###

I own a mansion but live in a house
A king-size bed, but I sleep on the couch
I'm Mister Bright Side, glass is half-full
But my tank's half empty, gasket just blew

This always happens
Thirty minutes from home gotta lay a log cabin, only option I have's McDonald's' bathroom
In a public stall droppin' a football so every time someone walks in the John I get Maddened
"Shady, what up?" What? Come on, man, I'm crappin'
And you're askin' for my goddamn autograph on a napkin?
Oh, that's odd, I just happened
To run out of tissue, yeah, hand me that on second though I'd be glad then
"Thanks dog. Name's Todd, a big fan" I
Wiped my ass with it, crumbled it up in a wad threw it back and
Told 'im, "Todd, you're the shit." When's all of this crap end?
Can't pump my gas without causin' an accident
Pump my gas, cut my grass, I can't take out the fuckin' trash
Without someone passin' through my sub harassin'
I'd count my blessings but I suck at math
I'd rather wallow than bask, suffering succotash, but the ant-
Acid it gives my stomach gas
When I mix my corn with my fuckin' mashed
Potatoes, so what hoe kiss my country bumpkin ass
Missouri southern roots, what the fuck is upper class?
Call lunch dinner, call dinner supper, Tupperware in the cupboard plastic ware up the ass
Stuck in the past iPod what the fuck is that?
B-Boy to the core, mule, I'm as stubborn as

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me going
This is the inspiration I need
I could never turn my back on a city that made me
And "life's been good to me so far"

They call me classless I heard that
I second and third that
Don't know what the fuck I'd be doin' if it weren't rap
Probably be a giant turd sack
But I blew, never turned back
Turned forty and still sag
Teenagers act more fuckin' mature Jack
Fuck you gonna say to me? I'll leave on my own terms ass
Hole I'm going berserk, my nerves are bad
But I love the perks my work has
I get to meet famous people look at her, dag
Her nylons are ran, her skirt's snagged and I heard she drag races [burp] swag
Tuck in my Hanes shirt tag
You're Danica Patrick (yeah) word skag
We'd be the perfect match, 'cause you're a vacuum, I'm a dirtbag
My apologies
No disrespect to technology
But what the heck's all of these buttons?
You expect me to sit here and learn that?
Fuck I gotta do to hear this new song from Luda
Be an expert at computers?
I'd rather be an Encyclopedia Britannica
Hell with PlayStation, I'm still on my first man on some Zelda
Nintendo, bitch! Run, jump, punch, stab, and I melt the
Mozzarella on my spaghetti put it on bread make a sandwich with Welch's
And belch, they say this spray butter's bad for my health,
But I think this poor white trash from the trailer
Jed Clampett, Fred Sanford and welfare, mentality helps to
Keep me grounded, that's why I never take full advantage of wealth
I managed to dwell
Within these parameters
Still crammin' the shelves full of Hamburger Helper
I can't even help it, this is the hand I was dealt a
Creature of habit, feel like I'm trapped in an animal shelter
With all these pet peeves, God damn it to hell
I can't stand all these kids with their camera cellphones
I can't go anywhere, I get so mad I could yell the
Other day someone got all elaborate
And stuck a head from a fuckin' dead cat in my mailbox
Went to Burger King, they spit on my onion rings
I think my karma's catching up with me

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me going
This is the inspiration I need
I could never turn my back on a city that made me
And "life's been good to me so far"

Got friends on Facebook all over the world
Not sure what that means, they tell me it's good
So, I'm artist of the decade, I even got a plaque
I'd hang it up but the frame is all cracked

I'm tryin' to be low-key, hopefully nobody notices me
In produce, hunched over, giant nose bleed
Ogre style as I mosey over to the frozen aisle, by the frozen yogurt this guy approached me
Embarrassed, I just did Comerica with Hova the show's over, I'm hidin' in Kroger's buyin' groceries
He just had front-row seats told me to sign his poster then insults me
"Wow up close didn't know you had crow's feet!"
I'm at a crossroads, lost, still shopping at Costco's
Sloppy Joe's, bulk waffles
Got caught pickin' my nose (aaghh!) look over see these two hot hoes
Finger still up one of my nostrils
Right next to 'em, stuck at the light the fuckin' shit's
Takin' forever to change, it's stuck these bitches are lovin' it
Rubbin' it in, chucklin'
Couldn't do nothin' play it off "What you bumpin'?"
"Trunk Muzik, Yelawolf's better", fuckin' bitch
They want me to flip at the label, but I won't succumb to it
The pressure, they want me to follow up with a
Nother one after Recovery was so highly coveted
But what good is a fuckin' recovery if I fumble it?
'Cause I'mma drop the ball if I don't get a grip, hoppin' out shrubbery on you sons of bitches
Wrong subdivision
To fuck with, bitch, quit snappin' fuckin' pictures of my kids
I love my city,
But you pushed me to the limit. What a pity
The shit I complain about
It's like there ain't a cloud in the sky, and it's rainin' out
Kool-Aid stain on the couch, I'll never get it out
But, bitch, I got an elevator in my house, ants and a mouse
I'm livin' the dream

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me going
This is the inspiration I need
I could never turn my back on a city that made me
And "life's been good to me so far"

###"Talkin' 2 Myself"###

Before I start this song, man
I just wanna thank everybody for being so patient
And bearing with me over these last couple of years
While I figure this shit out

[Kobe:]
Is anybody out there?
It feels like I'm talking to myself
No one seems to know my struggle
And everything I come from
Can anybody hear me, yeah?
I guess I keep talking to myself
It feels like I'm going insane
Am I the one who's crazy, yeah?

[Eminem:]
So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there
Who feels the way I feel
If there is,
Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one

[Eminem:]
I went away, I guess, and opened up some lanes
But there was no one who even knew I was going through growin' pains
Hatred was flowing through my veins
On the verge of going insane
I almost made a song dissing Lil Wayne
It's like I was jealous of him 'cause of the attention he was gettin'
I felt horrible about myself
He was spitting and I wasn't
Anyone who was buzzing back then coulda got it
Almost went at Kanye too
God it feels like I'm goin' psychotic
Thank God that I didn't do it
I'da had my ass handed to me
And I knew it but Proof isn't here to see me through it
I'm in the booth popping another pill tryna talk myself into it
Are you stupid? You're gon' start dissing people for no reason?
Especially when you can't even write a decent punchline even
You're lying to yourself, you're slowly dying, you're denying
Your health is declining with your self-esteem, you're crying out for help

[Kobe:]
Is anybody out there?
It feels like I'm talking to myself
No one seems to know my struggle
And everything I come from
Can anybody hear me, yeah?
I guess I keep talking to myself
It feels like I'm going insane
Am I the one who's crazy, yeah?

[Eminem:]
So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there
Who feels the way I feel
If there is,
Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one

[Eminem:]
Marshall you're no longer the man, that's a bitter pill to swallow
All I know is I'm wallowin', self-loathing and hollow
Bottoms up on the pill bottle
Maybe I'll hit my bottom tomorrow
My sorrow echoes in this hall though
But I must be talking to the wall though
I don't see nobody else (I guess I keep talking to myself)
But all these other rappers suck is all that I know
I've turned into a hater, I've put up a false bravado
But Marshall is not an egomaniac that's not his motto
He's not a desperado he's desperate, his thoughts are bottled
Inside him, one foot on the brake one on the throttle
Falling asleep with writer's block in the parking lot of McDonald's
But instead of feeling sorry for yourself do something about it
Admit you got a problem you brain is clouded you pouted long enough
It isn't them it's you you fuckin' baby
Quit worrying about what they do and do shady
I'm fucking going crazy

[Kobe:]
Is anybody out there?
It feels like I'm talking to myself
No one seems to know my struggle
And everything I come from
Can anybody hear me, yeah?
I guess I keep talking to myself
It feels like I'm going insane
Am I the one who's crazy, yeah?

[Eminem:]
So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there
Who feels the way I feel
If there is,
Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one

[Eminem:]
So I picked myself off the ground and fuckin' swam 'fore I drowned
Hit my bottom so hard I bounced twice suffice this time around
It's different them last two albums didn't count
Encore I was on drugs, Relapse I was flushing em out
I've come to make it up to you now, no more fucking around
I've got something to prove to fans 'cause I feel like I've let em down
So please accept my apology I finally feel like I'm back to normal
I feel like me again, let me formally reintroduce myself to you for those of you who don't know
The new me's back to the old me and homie I don't show no
Signs of slowing up, pulling up, blowing up, all over
My life is no longer a movie but the show ain't over homos
I'm back with a vengeance, homie,
Weezy keep ya head up,
T.I., keep ya head up,
Kanye, keep ya head up,
Don't let up, just keep slaying em
Rest in Peace to DJ AM
'Cause I know what it's like
I struggle with this shit every single day and um...

[Kobe:]
Is anybody out there?
It feels like I'm talking to myself
No one seems to know my struggle
And everything I come from
Can anybody hear me, yeah?
I guess I keep talking to myself
It feels like I'm going insane
Am I the one who's crazy, yeah?

[Eminem:]
So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there
Who feels the way I feel
If there is,
Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one

[Eminem:]
So there it is (there it is)
Damn
It feels like I just woke up or something
I guess I just... forgot who the fuck I was man
Ay yo
And to anybody I thought about going at, it was never nothing personal, just some shit I was going through
And to everybody else...
I'm back! (I'm back) ha-ha

###"Rock Bottom"###

A-yo!
This song is dedicated to all the happy people
All the happy people who have real nice lives
And have no idea what it's like to be broke as fuck

[Verse One:]
I feel like I'm walking a tight rope, without a circus net
I'm popping percocets, I'm a nervous wreck
I deserve respect; but I work a sweat for this worthless check
'Bout to burst this tech, at somebody to reverse this debt
Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
Full of venom and rage
Especially when I'm engaged
And my daughter's down to her last diaper
That's got my ass hyper
I pray that god answers, maybe I'll ask nicer
Watching ballers while they're flossing in their pathfinders
These overnight stars becoming autograph signers
We all long to blow up and leave the past behind us
Along with the small fry's and average half pinters
While player haters turn bitch like they have vaginas
'Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
Money'll brainwash you and leave your ass mindless
While snakes slither in the grass spineless

[Chorus (2x):]
That's Rock Bottom
When this life makes you're mad enough to kill
That's Rock Bottom
When you want something bad enough to steal
That's Rock Bottom
When you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you're mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear

[Verse Two:]
My life is full of empty promises
And broken dreams
I'm hoping things will look up
But there ain't no job openings
I feel discouraged, hungry and malnourished
Living in this house with no furnace, unfurnished
And I'm sick of working dead end jobs with lame pay
And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day
But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game play
'Cause when we die we know we're all going the same way
It's cool to be the player, but it sucks to be the fan
When all you need is bucks to be the man
Plus a luxury sedan
Too comfortable and roomy in a six
But they threw me in the mix
With all these gloomy lunatics
Who walk around depressed
And smoke a pound of ses a day
And yesterday went by so quick it seems like it was just today
My daughter wants to throw the ball but I'm too stressed to play
Live half my life and throw the rest away

[Chorus]

There's people that love me and people that hate me (yup)
But it's the evil that made me this backstabbing, deceitful, and shady
I want the money, the women, the fortune, and the fame
That means I'll end up burning in hell scorching in flames
That means I'm stealing your checkbook and forging your name
There's lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
'Cause right now I feel like I've just hit the rock bottom
I got problems now everybody on my blocks got 'em (I'm done)
I'm screaming like those two cops when 2pac shot 'em
Holding two glocks, I hope your doors got new locks on 'em
My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or socks on 'em
And the rings you're wearing look like they got a few rocks on 'em
And while you flaunt 'em I could be taking them to shops to pawn them
I got a couple of rings and a brand new watch you want 'em?
'Cause I never went gold off one song
I'm running up on someone's lawn with guns drawn

[Chorus]

###"Groundhog Day"###

What is a nightmare? The dictionary tells us it is a terrifying dream, a nightmare

I used to think I had bad luck, but I wasn't superstitious
'Til one day I grew suspicious, when I stepped on a crack on Aunt Edna's stoop
And got pooped on by a group of stupid pigeons
Then we flew the coop to Michigan to start a new be-ditching
Missouri for Michigan didn't work
So we moved back to Missouri from Michigan, from Missouri back to Michigan
Someone put me out my misery, I can't do this again
Mom please stick to a decision
Discipline, last thing I wanna do is listen she's like
Lex Luthor, bitch, her rules are Kryptonite
So the walls and I done lost my power to see through them bitches
But I run into them, running through the kitchen
Pretending to be blind Superman
'Cause I had no supervision
But I did have a super power though
I could turn into Invisible Kid
Disappear out of sight, like a true magician
And one day uncle Ronnie brought over this new, but different
Music into the picture and it became my new religion
"I remember it clearly, even today."
Move back to Michigan again, to live with my Grandma Nan
Always itchin' for something to do, was flipping
Through the radio stations one day
And discovered this DJ who was mixing
I say it to this day, if you ain't listened to the wizard
You ain't have a fucking clue what you was missing
I'd zone out with my headphones, all I remember doing's wishing
For shoes, fuck them stupid Pumas bitch, it's all about them new edition Troops
You get the new LL Cool J cooling system
Made that final maneuver to 8 Mile and Hoover and somehow I saw my future is in this
That's how I knew my mission
Little boom box boomin', spitting
Practicing numerous rhythms
When I sit in my room envisioning
My dreams come to fruition
I remember Proof would visit
Couldn't wait to play him my new shit, he'd go cuckoo ballistic
Go through the roof for his shit
It's like we knew the instant
We touched a mic that both of us two existed to do this shit
Never quit, too persistent
"We are the underground empire."

Started a group of misfits
Proof had a proposition
If we all band together, there ain't no stopping this shit
Come up with aliases, bipolar opposites and
Be ready to come off the top as sharp position
If you got dissed at the shop 'cause if they caught you slippin'
They'd take your spot if someone got to rippin' you
And you forgot your written
Opportunity knocks once, it ain't knocking again
They tried ding-dong ditching shit
I fucking got that bitch in a headlock
Cut off his oxygen Slim snot gourgin
Cock sucking cynder block in the wind
Now I got my pot to piss in
Spot in that top position
Copping over the opposition
Looking like a dog that's pissing
Leg up on the competition
Promising complete dominance, Sugar Ray Robinson
I'm in a league Muhammad's in
Ali's my colleague bombing them
Probably end up on top of them
Stomping them like Ndamukong
I'm Russian like a Ukrainian, LaDainian Tomlinson
Flow vomits in your face
Competitors fall at my waist
You spit a rhyme, I spit in a rhyme's face
So name the time, place to battle
Bitch I'm still in that mind state
Don't make me step on you and make you wine grapes
Cry babies, maybe my way that I use words is loose
But you turds better be careful how you choose yours
'Cause feelings scar but egos bruise worse
And the truth hurts, shit no wonder you're sore losers
Now where's your poop birds?
Ooh, no more tripping in bird shit, songs of self-empowerment surging
Words of encouragement but this discouraging the rappers
The rap game's God, but the name's not James Todd, I'm just a wordsmith
So let these words lift
'Cause all I got is bars for you dumbbells since yours ain't working out
Each verse is more merciless than the first is
And you ain't got to wear no shoes and shirt in this bitch to get served
Blood thirst, Revenge of the Nerds
Chickit

"And it's true that you'll not escape my vengeance."

And I'm the kid with them ears like Dumbo's gone
Word to Uncle Ron
I'm turning into a non-humble Don
You blonde dumb hoes, all I got is dick for you to come blow on
So start the show, but I need a drum roll 'fore I go on
Better back away from the front row, get launched
Show you I'm bigger than Dikembe Mutumbo
On the fuckin' Jumbotron
I'm a juggernaut, you do not wanna rumble, you bomboclaat
I'll leave you stretched out, like a fucking yawn
So mow the fucking lawn, your asses are blades of grass
And I'm fucking up this whole landscape of rap
The GOAT just ate eight acres,
An eighth of that was just to make a path and take you straight to your favorite rapper
Oh look, my notebook looks smoke-cooked
Like the flow stood a foot over the flame on the stove, soot
Charred debris floating
Like oak wood was burning
Return of the no good
And I won't quit

"And the next thing I know something came crawling up from below
Something that made Godzilla look like a plane."

And I don't quit, won't change,
It's like a Groundhog's Day
So crowd around, y'all, 'cause you may
See if I popped your head

"I'm a heartless monster"
Turn me into
"I'm a heartless monster"
"With my dick in your mouth all day"

I'm not so sure I want to know from whence it came
But the white flesh creature's trail is easily followed
There, before that shimmering veil of light, the ivory skin slug thing

###"Must Be The Ganja"###

Yea, (oh, oh), yea yea, oh
I feel like dancing, I feel like dancing
I smell something in the air that's making me high
I said I smell something in the air that's making me high

(Ok here we go) do-re-me-fa-so-fa-so-la-ti-da-so
Lyrical rascal, kick back the Tabasco
You motherfuckers must just not know the tick-tock, so
Time to show you the most kick-ass flow in the cosmos
Picasso with a pick axe, a sick asshole
Tic-tac-toe comes with six-pack with Exacto
Knives, strangling wives with thick lasso
Big bags of the grass, Zig-Zags, I'm with the Doc, so
You know how that go, skull and the crossbones
This is poison to boys and girls who do not know
You do not want to try this at home, my lil' vato
This is neither the time nor the place to get macho
So crack a six-pack, sit back with some nachos
Maybe some popcorn and watch the show and just rock slow
It's not what you expected, not what you thought, so
'Bout time that you wake the fuck up, smell the pot smoke

It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind

Your dreams are getting fulfilled, ooh I'm literally getting a chill
Spitting at will, me and Dre have just finished splitting a pill
You're submitting to skill, sitting still
I'm admitting I'm beginning to feel like I don't think anyone's real
Faced with a dilemma: I can be Dalai Lama
And be calm or bring drama, a step beyond of Jeffrey Dahmer
Please don't upset me, mama, you're looking sexy, mama
Don't know if it's the lala or the rum and Pepsi, mama
Don't wanna end up inside my refrigerator freezer
Be used as extra topping the next time I make a pizza
How many people you know
Who can name every serial killer who ever existed in a row?
Put 'em in chronological order, beginning with Jack the Ripper
Name the time and place; from the body, the bag, the zipper
Location of the woods
Where the body was dragged and then dumped
The trunk that they were stuffed in, the model, the make, the plate
And which model, which lake they found her in
How they attacked the victim
Say which murder weapon was used to do what in which one
Which knife and which gun, hat kid, what wife, and which nun
Don't stop, I like this, it's fun, the fucking night's just begun

It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind

When I'm behind the mic, dynamite's what it's kinda like
You're stuck with the same stick that your tryin' to light
Behind the boards sits Dre, legends are made this way
Isn't it safe to say, this is the way it should be?
Maybe you need some lyric serum syrup for your symptoms
Here's a dosage of the antidote now you give him some
He can give her some, she can give them some, get behind a Linn Drum
Make up a beat and cure the sucker syndrome
The spinnin' drum when it comes to lyrics and pennin' some
Starting from scratch and then ending up at the endin' of
Capable of winning a Pulitzer so unbelievable it's a
Titanium cranium that's full of sur-
Prises when the smoke rises right before your very own eyes
You stare into your stereos high
Good evening, this isn't even a weed thing
I ain't even smoke anything I ain't even drinking

It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind

###"Buffalo Bill"###

[20 seconds of background noise]
"It fits, perfect"

[Eminem]
Better watch out, sucka now I gotcha where I want ya
Onslaught, comin and I'm packin in my lunch up
Bunch of, missile launchers and a bunch of contra-
-band, van full of ganja, now come on jump
Man stop, mashin Marshall on my gotcha
Doin the cha-cha and the cucaracha with a quadra-
-plegic, boogeyin down to Frank Sinatra
Lindsay to the Lohan naked while you let me watch ya
Who'da knew the buddah do to me what it's done
Such cynicism when this isn't in my system
Blunt hypnotism, lift the spliff up to my lips son
So much on my hands I got to give my kids a fist bump
Christo-pher Reeves swimmin in my swim trunks
"Mister, help me" 's what he said to me and then sunk
Women skinning and then cutting them up in chunks
In comes the woman with cocoa butter skin once

[Chorus: Eminem]
Once again they call me Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts
Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts
Man you don't want to go up in those hills
Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill

[Eminem]
Always, you can see him lurkin in the hallways
Carcasses of Caucasian females in his crawl space
How the hell did he fit 'em all into such a small place
Hide 'em in the wall, well how long will the drywall take?
Well fuck it then, I got nothing but time, I'll wait
Until it dries for the moment I guess you're all safe
After I sand it and buff it I guess that I'll paint
My chainsaw's out of gas, my regular saw ain't
Now here I come again, damn stomach rumblin
You can even hear the evil spirits comin from within
Someone's in, the back of my damn house rummagin
It's a girl, she looks pretty thin, but I want to skin
Been, on the hunt again; when, will it ever end?
Evelyn, why you tryin to fight? You will never win
Severin, legs, arms, damn there goes another limb
Pull the lever then, trapdoor, death is evident

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Now what you know about Buffalo Bill? Nothin so chill
Fuckin whore you better fuckin hold still
Make sure none of that, lotion in the bucket don't spill
Cut 'em, gut 'em and just keep to stuffin those girls
Man I think she had enough of those pills
Sedate her then I'll wait, I'll come back later just to clutch on those steel
Blades, baby when I cut ya don't squeal
I hate the loud noises, I fuckin told you!
I keep hearin voices like wouldn't ya like to go and get your butcher knife
And push it right through her while you put ya shish-kabob skewers
Into her, barbecue her or would you do to her
What you usually do to a girl who's skin's newer?
[as Yoda] "In a world of sin you are, this is turnin into a
Torment tournament of sorts, Christmas ornament you are!"
I'll be sure to Ginsu ya 'til there's no more skin to ya
Boo-yah, who ya think you're fuckin with; duck because here he comes again

[Chorus]

###"Evil Deeds"###

Lord, please forgive me for what I do
For I know not what I've done

[Chorus:]
Father, please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

[Verse 1:]
Momma had a baby and it's head popped off (head popped off
Head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off)
My momma don't want me the next thing I know I'm gettin' dropped off
(gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off)
Ring ring ring on the door bell and the next door neighbors on their front porch
(their front porch, their front porch, their front porch, their front porch)
But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone else's lawn
(else's lawn, else's lawn, else's lawn) 'til somebody finally took me in
My Great Aunt and Uncle, Edna 'n Charles (Edna 'n Charles
Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles)
They were the ones who were left in charge
My elementary they ganged up on me and sang this song
(sang this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song)
It went a little something like
Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb
Debbie had a Satan spawn, Satan spawn
Momma why do they keep saying this I just don't understand, understand
And by the way, where's my daaaaaaaaaaad?

[Chorus:]

[Verse 2:]
Predominantly, predominantly, everything's always predominantly
Predominantly white, predominantly black, but what about me
Where does that leave me? Well I guess that I'm between predominantly
Both of 'em, I think if I hear that fuckin' word again I'mma scream
While I'm projectile vomiting, what do I look like, a comedian to you?
Do you think that I'm kidding? What do I look like some kind of idi-
Wait a minute, shit, don't answer that - why am I so misunderstood?
Why do I go through so much bullshit, it's such bullshit, it's tush mull bisch
Woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again whinin about his millions
And his mansion and his sorrow he's always drownin' in
From the dad he never had, and how his childhood was so bad
And how his mom was a dope addict, and his ex-wife how they go at it
Man I'd hate to have it, as bad as that Mr. Mathers, claims he had it
I can't imagine it, that little rich poor white bastard
Needs to take some of that cash out the bank and take a bath in it
Man if I only had half of it
Shit, if you only knew the half of it

[Chorus:]

[Verse 3:]
Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds
Please release me from these demons
I never had any of this shit planned, mom, please believe
I don't wanna be Satan's spawn, never got the chance to say I'm sorry
Now look at all the pain I caused
Dear Santa Claus, why you not comin' this year again?
What did I do that was so bad to deserve this?
Everything could have been so perfect
But life ain't a fairytale, I'm about to be hoisted up in the air
Forty feet below me, there's people everywhere
I don't even know why they feel like they know me cause I'm in this ferris wheel
And all I wanna do is go to the mall and take Hailie on the carousel
Without this crowd everywhere I go, but life is like a merry-go-round
Here we go now, doe-se-doe now, curtains up, the show must go
Now ring around the rosie, the show's over, you can all go home now
But the curtain just don't close for me, this ain't how fame is supposed to be
Where's the switch I could just turn off and on, this ain't what I chose to be
So please God, give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on
'til I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, my soul is gone

[Chorus x2]

###"Forever"###

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

[Drake:]
Last name Ever
First name Greatest
Like a sprained ankle boy I ain't nothing to play with
Started off local but thanks to all the haters
I know G-IV pilots on a first name basis
In your city faded off the brown, Nino
She insist she got more class, we know
Swimming in the money come and find me, Nemo
If I was at the club you know I balled, chemo
Dropped the mixtape that shit sounded like a album
Who'd have thought a country-wide tour'd be the outcome
Labels want my name beside the X like Malcolm
Everybody got a deal, I did it without one
Yeah nigga I'm about my business
Killing all these rappers you would swear I had a hit list
Everyone who doubted me is asking for forgiveness
If you ain't been a part of it at least you got to witness
Bitches

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

[Kanye West:]
Ever ever
Mr. West is in the building
Ain't no question who about to kill 'em
I used to have hood dreams
Big fame, big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
I went hard all fall like the ball teams
Just so I can make it rain all spring
Y'all seen my story my glory
I had raped the game young
You can call it statutory
When a nigga blow up they gon' build statues of me
Old money Benjamin Button, what, nothing
Now super bad chicks giving me McLovin
You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband
You would think these niggas know me when they really doesn't
Like they was down with the old me no you fucking wasn't
You're such a fucking loser
He ain't even go to class Bueller
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack
Chasing the stardom will turn you to a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act
They pull the cameras out and God damn they snap
I used to want this thing forever y'all can have it back

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

[Lil Wayne:]
OK, hello it's the Martian
Space Jam Jordans
I want this shit forever wake up and smell the garden
Fresher than the harvest
Step up to the target
If I had one guess then I guess I'm just New Orleans
And I will never stop like I'm running from the cops
Hop up in my car and told my chauffeur to the top
Life is such a fucking roller coaster then it drops
But what should I scream for this is my theme park
My mind shine even when my thoughts seem dark
Pistol on my side you don't wanna hear that thing talk
Let the king talk check the price and pay attention
Lil Wayne that's what they got to say or mention
I'm like Nevada in the middle of the summer
I'm resting in the lead I need a pillow and a cover
Shh, my foot's sleeping on the gas
No brake pads, no such thing as last

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

[Eminem:]
There they go, packing stadiums as Shady spits his flow
Nuts they go, Macadamian they go so ballistic, whoa
He can make them look like Bozos
He's wondering if he should spit this slow
Fuck no! Go for broke
His cup just runneth over, oh no
He ain't have a buzz like this since the last time that he overdosed
They've been waiting patiently for Pinocchio to poke his nose
Back into the game and they know
Rap will never be the same as before
Bashing in the brains of these hoes
And establishing a name as he goes
The passion and the flame is ignited
You can't put it out once we light it
This shit is exactly what the fuck that I'm talking about when we riot
You dealing with a few true villains
Who stand inside of the booth truth spilling
And spit true feelings, until our tooth fillings come flying up out of our mouths
Now rewind it!
Payback motherfucker for the way that you got at me how's it taste?
When I slap the taste out your mouth with the bass so loud that it shakes the place
I'm Hannibal Lecter so just in case you're thinking of saving face
You ain't gonna have no face to save by the time I'm through with this place
So Drake

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man, ever man

###"White America"###

America, we love you
How many people are proud to be citizens of this beautiful country of ours
The stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect the women and men who have broke their necks for the freedom of speech the United States Government has sworn to uphold
(Yo', I want everybody to listen to the words of this song) or so we're told...

I never would've dreamed in a million years I'd see
So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me,
Who share the same views and the same exact beliefs.
It's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me.

So many lives I touched, so much anger aimed,
In no particular direction, just sprays and sprays.
And straight through your radio waves it plays and plays,
'Til it stays stuck in your head for days and days.

Who would've thought, standing in this mirror bleachin' my hair
With some peroxide reaching for a T-shirt to wear,
That I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this?
How could I predict my words would have an impact like this?

I must've struck a chord, with somebody up in the office,
Cause Congress keeps telling me I ain't causin' nothin' but problems,
And now they're sayin' I'm in trouble with the government,
I'm lovin' it,
I shoveled shit all my life,
And now I'm dumping it on

White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get,
White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get

Look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself,
If they were brown, Shady lose, Shady sits on the shelf,
But Shady's cute, Shady knew, Shady's dimples would help
Make ladies swoon, baby—ooh, baby!—look at my sales,

Let's do the math, if I was black, I would've sold half, I
Ain't have to graduate from Lincoln High School to know that,
But I could rap, so fuck school, I'm too cool to go back,
Gimme the mic, show me where the fuckin' studio's at,

When I was underground, no one gave a fuck I was white,
No labels wanted to sign me, almost gave up, I was like
"Fuck it!" until I met Dre, the only one to look past,
Gave me a chance, and I lit a fire up Under his ass,

Helped him get back to the top, every fan black that I got
Was probably his in exchange for every white fan that he's got,
Like damn, we just swapped, sittin' back lookin' at shit, wow,
I'm like my skin is just starting to work to my benefit now,
It's

White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get,
White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get

See the problem is I speak to suburban kids
Who otherwise would've never knew these words exist
Whose moms probably would've never gave two squirts of piss,
'Til I created so much motherfuckin' turbulence,

Straight out the tube right into your living rooms I came,
And kids flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre,
That's all it took, and they were instantly hooked right in,
And they connected with me too because I looked like them,

That's why they put my lyrics up under this microscope,
Searchin' with a fine tooth comb, it's like this rope
Waitin' to choke
Tightening around my throat,
Watching me while I write this,
Like I don't like this,
Nope,

All I hear is lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy,
Sponsors working 'round the clock to try to stop my concerts early
Surely hip-hop was never a problem
In Harlem
Only in Boston,
After it bothered the fathers of daughters starting to blossom,

So now I'm catchin' the flak
From these activists when they raggin',
Actin' like I'm the first rapper
To smack a bitch, or say "faggot",

Shit, just look at me like I'm your closest pal,
The posterchild,
The motherfuckin' spokesman now for...

White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get,
White America, I could be one of your kids,
White America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit,
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get

So to the parents of America,
I am the Derringer aimed at little Erica
To attack her character,
The ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns
Sent to lead the march right up to the steps of congress,
And piss on the lawns of the White House,
To burn the flag and replace it with a Parental Advisory sticker
To spit liquor
In the faces of in this democracy of hypocrisy

Fuck you, Ms. Cheney,
Fuck you, Tipper Gore,
Fuck you with the freest of speech this Divided States of Embarrassment will allow me to have,
Fuck you,

I'm just playin', America, you know, I love you

###"My Dad's Gone Crazy"###

Hello boys and girls
Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships
Do you have a daddy?
I'll bet you do
Who's your daddy?

[Hailie:]
Daddy, what're you doing?

[Eminem and Hailie:]
OK then! Everybody, listen up!

[Eminem:]
I'm going to Hell, who's comin' with me?

[Hailie:]
Somebody, please help him!
I think my dad gone crazy!

There's no mountain I can't climb
There's no tower too high
No plane that I can't learn how to fly
What do I gotta do to get through to you, to show you
There ain't nothing I can't take this chainsaw to
Fuckin' brain's brawn, and brass balls
I cut 'em off, I got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar
Inside of a hall, with my framed autographed
Sunglasses with Elton John's name, on my drag wall
I'm out the closet, I been lying my ass off
All this time, me and Dre been fucking with hats off

[Dr Dre:]
Suck it Marshall

[Eminem:]
So tell Laura and her husband to back off
Before I push this motherfucking button and blast off
And launch one at these Russians, and that's all
Blow every fucking thing, except Afghanistan on the map, off
When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off?
Hailie, tell 'em baby

[Hailie:]
My dad's lost it

[Eminem:]
There's really nothin' else to say I, I can't explain it

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
A little help from Hailie Jade won't you tell 'em baby
[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

It's like my mother always told me
Rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana
and codeine and goddammit, you little motherfucker
If you ain't got nothin' nice to say then don't say nothin'
Fuck that shit, bitch, eat a motherfuckin' dick
Chew on a prick, and lick a million motherfuckin' cocks per second
I'd rather put out a motherfucking gospel record
I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch, eat pussy
And have pussy-lips glued to my face with a clit-ring in my nose
Than quit bringing my flows, quit giving me my ammo
Can't you see why I'm so mean? If y'all leave me alone, this wouldn't be my M.O
I wouldn't have to go eenie meenie minie mo
Catch a homo by his toe, man I don't know no more
Am I the only fuckin' one who's normal any more?

[Hailie:]
Dad

[Eminem:]
There's really nothin' else to say I, I can't explain it

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
A little help from Hailie Jade won't you tell 'em baby

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise
And at the same time, can make you dry your eyes with the same rhyme
See what you're seeing is a genius at work
Which to me isn't work, so it's easy to misinterpret it at first
'Cause when I speak, it's tongue in cheek
I'd yank my fucking teeth before I'd ever bite my tongue
I'd slice my gums, get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once
And die and come back as Vanilla Ice's son
And walk around the rest of my life spit on
And kicked and hit with shit, every time I sung
Like R. Kelly as soon as "Bump N' Grind" comes on
More pain inside of my brain, than the eyes of a little girl inside of a
plane
Aimed at the World Trade, standin' on Ronnie's grave
Screaming at the sky, 'til clouds gather it's Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade
And that's pretty much the gist of it, Parents are pissed, but the kids love
it
Nine millimeter, heater stashed, in two-seaters with meat cleavers
I don't blame you, I wouldn't let Hailie listen to me neither

[Eminem:]
There's really nothin' else to say I, I can't explain it

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
A little help from Hailie Jade won't you tell 'em baby

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
Crazy

[Hailie:]
You're funny daddy!

###"3 A.M."###

Oh oh oh oh oh ooh

There is no escaping....
There's no place to hide....
You scream, "Someone save me?"
But they don't pay no mind...
Goodbye!

You're walkin' down a horror corridor
It's almost 4 in the morning and you're in a
Nightmare, it's horrible
Right there's the coroner
Waiting for ya to turn the corner so he can corner ya
You're a goner he's onto ya
Out the corner of his cornea he just saw you run
All you want is to rest 'cause you can't run anymore you're done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody is watching in the party applauding it
Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep, thought again
Contemplating my next plot again
Swallowing a klonopin while I'm nodding in and out on the ottoman
At the Ramada inn, holdin' on to the pill bottle then
Lick my finger and swirl it round the bottom and make sure I got all of it
Wake up naked at McDonald's with
Blood all over me, Dead bodies behind the counter, shit
Guess I must have just blacked out again...
Not again!

It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em (killed em)
I said...
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em (killed em)

Sitting nude in my living room, it's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube, maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfin' every channel until I find Hannah Montana
Then I reach for the Aloe and lanolin
Bust all over the wall paneling dismantlin' every candle
On top of the fireplace mantle and
Grab my flannel and my bandana then
Kiss the naked mannequin man again
You can see him standin' in my front window if you look in
I'm just a hooligan who's used to usin' hallucinogens
Causin' illusions again
Brain contusions again
Cutting and bruisin' the skin
Razors, scissors and pins
Jesus, when does it end?
Phases, that I go through
Days that I'm so confused
Days that I don't know who
Gave, these molecules to
Me, what am I gon' do?
Hey the prodigal son
The diabolical one
Very methodical when I slaughter them

It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em (killed em)
I said...
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em (killed em)

She puts the lotion in the bucket, it puts the lotion on the skin, or else it gets the hose again
She puts the lotion in the bucket, it puts the lotion on the skin, or else it gets the hose again

I cut and I slash slice and gash
Last night was a blast
I can't quite remember when I had that
Much fun of a half pint of a jack
My last Vic and a half
A flashlight up Kim Kardashian's ass
I remember the first time I dismembered a family member
December I think it was, I was havin' drinks with my cousin
I wrapped him in Christmas lights, pushed him into the stinkin' tub
Cut him up into pieces and just when I went to drink his blood
I thought I oughta drink his bath water that oughta be fun
That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun
The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery son
Your blood curdling screams just don't seem to bother me none
It's 3 A.M. and here I come so you should probably run
A secret passageway around here man there's got to be one
Oh no there's probably none, he can scream all that he wants
Top of his lungs, but ain't no stoppin' me from choppin' him up... up
'Cause it's...

3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em (killed em)
I said...
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em (killed em)

###"Beautiful Pain"###

[Eminem and Sia:]
I can feel the heat rising, everything is on fire
Today is a painful reminder of why
We can only get brighter
The further you put it behind ya
But right now I'm on the inside
Lookin' out, 'cause

[Sia:]
I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

[Eminem:]
Yesterday was the tornado warning
Today's like the morning after
Your world is torn in half
You wake in its wake to start the mourning process
And rebuilding, you're still a work in progress
Today's a whole new chapter
It's like an enormous asthma
Thunderstorm has passed ya
You weathered it and poked its eye out
With the thorn bush that you
Used to smell the roses
Stopped to inhale, can't even tell your nose is, stuffed
So focused on the bright side
Then you floor the gas pedal
And hit the corner fast the more asserted
Never looking back
May hit the curb
But every day is a new learning curve as you
Steer through life, sometimes you might not wanna swerve
But you have to
To avert a disaster
Lucky no permanent damage
'Cause they hurt you so bad
It's like they murdered your ass
And threw dirt on your casket but you've returned from the ashes
And that hurt that you have, you just converted to gasoline
And while you're burning the past, standing in the inferno and chant

[Sia:]
I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

[Eminem:]
You're so familiarized with what having to swallow this pill is like
It happens all the time, they take your heart and steal your life
And it's as though you feel you've died
'Cause you've been killed inside
But yet you're still alive
Which means you will survive
Although today you may weep 'cause you're weakened
And everything seems so bleak and hopeless
The light that you're seekin'
It begins to seep in
That's the only thing keepin'
You from leapin' off the motherfreakin' deep end
And I'm pullin' for you to push through this feeling
And with a little time that should do the healing
And by tomorrow
You may even feel so good that you're willing to forgive 'em even after
All the shit you been put through this feeling of resilience is building
And the flames are burning quick as fire would through this building
You're sealed in but you're fireproof, flame retardant, you withstood it
And as you climb up to the roof, you're just chillin' you look down
'Cause you're so over 'em
You could put the heel of your foot through the ceiling

As time passes
Things change every day
But wounds, wounds heal, but scars still remain the same
But tomorrow today's going down in flames
Throw the match, set the past ablaze

So feel the fire beneath your feet as you barely even perspire
From the heat
Exhale deep and breathe a sigh of relief
And as you say goodbye to the grief
It's like watching the walls melt in your prison cell
But you've extinguished this living hell
Still a little piece of you dies as you scream

[Sia:]
I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I feel the burn, watch the smoke as I turn
Rising, a phoenix from the flames
I have learned, from fighting fights, that weren't mine
Not with fists, but with wings that I will fly

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

###"Just Lose It"###

[Intro]
[Eminem making sounds:]
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down!
OK..
Guess who's back?
Back again
Shady's back
Tell a friend
Whaaaaaaaa

Now everyone report to the dance floor
To the dance floor, to the dance floor
Now everyone report to the dance floor
Alright Stop!.....Pajama time

[Verse 1]
Come here little kiddies, On my lap
Guess who's back with a brand new rap?
And I don't mean rap as in a new case of child molestation accusation
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
No worries, papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise?
I done touched on everything, but little boys
That's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes
Good God, dip, do a little slide
Bend down, touch your toes and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor
Like TP for my bunghole
And it's cool if you let one go
Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it?
Give a little "poot poot", it's OK! [Fart Sound]
Oops my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip

[Chorus]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh baby
(AH-AH)
Oh baby, baby
(AH-AH)

[Verse 2]
Well, it's Friday and it's my day
Just to party all the way to Sunday
Maybe 'til Monday, I dunno what day
Everyday's just a holiday
Crusin' on the freeway
Feelin' kinda breezy
Got the top down, lettin' my hair blow
I dunno where I'm goin'
All I know is when I get there
Someone's gonna touch my body

Excuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk
But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair?
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out? (Yeah)
Now, what's your name girl?
What's your sign?
[Dr Dre] "Man, you must be up out your mind"
DRE! (AH-AH)
Beer Goggles! Blind!
I'm just tryna unwind now I'm

[Chorus]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh baby
(AH-AH)
Oh baby, baby
(AH-AH)

[Verse 3]
It's Tuesday and I'm locked up
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened
They say I was running butt naked
Down the street screaming
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Well I'm sorry, I don't remember
All I know is this much
I'm not guilty
They said, "Save it, boy we gotcha you on tape
yellin' at an old lady to 'Touch my body!'"

Now this is the part where the rap breaks down
It gets real intense, no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves
Snap back to reality
Look it's B.Rabbit!
Yo you signed me up to battle!?
I'm a grown man!
Chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubbie
I don't have any lines to go right here so, chubba teletubbie!
Fella's (WHAT?!) Fella's (WHAT?!)
Grab you left nut, make your right one jealous (what?)
Black girls
White girls
Skinny girls
Fat girls
Tall girls
Small girls
I'm callin' all girls

Everyone report to the dance floor
It's your chance for a little romance or
Butt squeezin' it's the season
Just go (AH-AH-AH-AH)
It's so appeasin'

[Chorus]
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl,
Girl, girl, girl,
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Just lose it
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Go crazy
(AH-AH-AH-AH-AH)
Oh baby
(AH-AH)
Oh baby, baby
(AH-AH)

[Outro]
UmMmMmm touch my body
UmMmMmm touch my body
Ooh boy just touch my body
I mean girl just touch my body

###"Ass Like That"###

The way you shake it, I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

I don't believe it, it's almost too good to be true
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

The way she moves she's like a belly-dancer
She's shaking that ass to the new Nelly jams
I think someone's at the door
But I don't think I'mma answer
Police saying "freeze"
Doing, doing, doing
What do you mean "freeze"?
Please, I'm a human being, I have needs
I'm not done, not 'til I'm finished peeing
I am not resisting arrest, I am agreeing Mr. Officer
I'm already on my knees
I can't get on the ground any further, it's impossible for me
And do not treat me like a murderer, I just like to pee, pee, pee
Yes, I make R&B, I sing song it go
Ring-a-chong, a-ching-chong-chong-chong-ching
Psych, I joke, I joke, I keed, I keed
If I offend I'm sorry, please, please forgive
For I am Triumph, the Puppet Dog, I am a mere puppet
I can get away with anything I say and you will love it

The way you shake it, I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

Jessica Simpson, looks oh so temptin'
Nick I ain't never seen an ass like that
Every time I see that show on MTV my pee-pee goes
Doing, doing, doing

Mary-Kate and Ashley used to be so wholesome
Now they're getting older, they're starting to grow bum-bums
I go to the movies and sit down with my pop-corn
Police saying "freeze"
Doing doing doing
What do you mean "freeze"?
Geez, I just got my seat
I have ticket, look, I put it away my zipper's zipped
Please do not remove me from this movie theater please
I did not even get to see Mary-Kate's shower scene
I didn't mean to be obscene or make a great big scene
And don't treat me like I'm Pee-wee Herman, this movie's PG
Mr. Officer, I demand to see my attorney
I will simply plead innocent, cop a plea and be free
Free, yes, free, right back on the streets
What you mean my lawyer's with Michael, he's too busy?
I am Triumph, Britney Spears has shoulders like a man
And I can say that and you'll laugh 'cause there's a puppet on my hand

The way you shake it, I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

Hilary Duff is not quite old enough so
I ain't never seen a butt like that
Maybe next year I'll say ass and she'll make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

The way she moves she dances like a go-go
In that video she sings, "Get out, you bozo.
I need a new boyfriend." Hi. My name is JoJo.
Police saying "freeze"
Doing, doing, doing
What do you mean "freeze"?
My computers will be seized and my keys to my ranch
I just bake cookies, Mr. Officer, looky, take a whiff of this
Here, I make Jesus juice, take a sip of this
Nobody is safe from me, no not even me
I don't even know if I can say the word "pee-pee", "pee"
On the radio, but I think I did
Janet, is that a breast? I think I just saw a tit
Psych, I joke, I joke, I keed, I keed
I don't think my joke is working, I must flee quick
Get to the chopper, everybody get out
I am not Triumph, I am Arnold, get down

The way you shake it, I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

So Gwen Stefani, will you pee-pee on me please?
I ain't never seen an ass like that
'Cause the way you move it, you make my pee-pee go
Doing, doing, doing

What the fuck is wrong with you?

###"You Don't Know"###

Shady

[50 Cent]
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
We run it
You know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
We run it
You know but you acting like you don't know

You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know

Now homie I say I run it (run it) cause I'm in control
Hpnotic, Hennessey, a couple shots of Patron
I have you feeling aight, I get you high as a kite
Party popping shawty says she coming with me tonight
I ain't shoulder leaning, I ain't snapping and popping
Either I'm bobbin my head or I'm just standing there watching
I'm a hustler I hustle, you can tell that I'm paid
And I protect what I got, I'm in the house with my blade
Nigga you front you gon' get it, OK now maybe I said it
Cause I want you to triddy, yeah I be on that shitty
You should see when I'm stunting, I flash the stones to be wanting
Push the whip, see me rolling, you can tell that I'm holding
I'm just doing my thang, you know the Unit's the game
I got my grimy Shady with me you front you'll have to get me off your ass
I pay the lawsuit and laugh (haha)
It's not a big deal it's nothing but some cash (let's go)

[50 Cent]
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know

[Eminem]
When me and Fif got together to do this music
The more we became enveloped we just developed a fellowship through it
It's no pretend shit, it's friendship, mi nemesis es su nemesis
Same for him, it's just media, see to them it's just images
But this shit is new gimmicks, this is blood in and blood out
When there's beef you just gotta know when to butt in and butt out
If there's a problem we solve it, if we don't resolve it
It usually just evolves into one big brawl and we all get involved in it
We should all get a merit, this much beef we inherit
And wear it like a badge with honor, pass it around and share it
And let it go to whoever's holding the most current beef on their shoulders
And their soldiers got their backs 'til it's over
But tonight, we ain't coming here to beef with nobody
We came to party, Banks, Ca$his and Mr. Ferrari
So it's Shady, Aftermizath, back in that ass, you wizzass
Come hizzon, what kinda fuzukin' quizition is that?

[50 Cent, Eminem]
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
I say you know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know

[Ca$his]
Pistol play ricochet, see where the victim lay
Slumped over bleeding J.F.K
HK to your chest plate cave
I'mma ride to the death, do you rep that way?
Forever I'mma be a Shady 7-4 gangsta
Plus I survive everything you got in that chamber
I thrive off of danger, jumping in all beef
You keep talking shit now the squad called me

[Lloyd Banks]
Enough holding back the steam, Em let off a magazine
Dappadon Cappa queen mixed in with Ca$his creams
Started off with half a dream, developed into what you see
Telling ain't my cup of tea, can't tell I'm a fucking G
I'm on automatic when I'm at it, start static
And you splattered, shit shattered, I'm a walking bitch magnet
Spit it how I live it, live it all the way to the limit
And I'm always on my pivot for my digits, you dig it?

[50 Cent]
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up for sure
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?

[Tony Yayo]
You know who this is
Shady, G-Unit, Aftermath
Lloyd Banks, Ca$his, Marshall Mathers, Ferrari F-50
It's a movement, you can't stop it
Talk of New York, Tony Yayo

###"We As Americans"###

[Eminem singing]

There's an intruder
in my house
He cut my phone-lines
can't dial out
I scream for police
but I doubt
They're gonna hear me
when I shout

[rapping]

A couple of cocktails will send me to jail
there's a couple of cops hot on my trail
But this time, when I get pulled over
there's a doberman pincher and a pitbull in the seat
these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me
quit fooling with me
Bitch, you're gonna see
No pistol in the seat
why it always gotta be an issue when you're me
and which you're gonna see in the long run
Im'a be the wrong one
you wanna harass with this limo tinted glass
flashing that flash-light on my ass where was you at
last night when them assholes
ran up on my grass
rapper slash actor
kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass
they took away my right to bear arms
what I'm 'posed to fight with bare palms?
yeah right
they coming with bombs, I'm coming with flare-guns
We as Americans

[Chorus]

We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans

Im'a make buku bucks
wearing buku vests
Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex
I could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest
but you know who
with an "S" tattooed to my chest
But I've finessed
Now I got the Industry pissy
ever since me and Dre split it fifty-fifty on fifty it's funny
We got a buzz spreading quicker than making paper-airplanes out of a twenty
Fuck money I don't rap for dead presidents
I'd rather see the president dead
It's never been said
but I set precedents and the standards
and they can't stand it
My name should've been bastard
the shit should've been plastered
on my forehead with a stamp
I should've been blasted
I should've been had a cap pulled in my ass
but I'm too swift and fast
for that, I'm past it
I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot
Fuck that shit
I done seen how fast this rap shit
can turn into some pap-pap shit
that quick
snap click
but this time they got fucking auto-ma-tic
(Jamaican) and no one gon' test this mon
Clack

[Chorus]
We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans

(SSHHH)
I got a secret if you can keep it between us
I tuck two Nina's under my jeans either side of my penis
under my Long Johns
under my Sean Johns
when running with the long arm of the law I'm long gone
Im'a do five years no less than that
no questions asked
it might be a good idea to stop right here
and quit while I'm ahead
already in the red
already got a steady infrared meant for my head
A target on my back
bigger problems than that
Bin Laden on my ass
he probably gone send a task
I ain't gone even ask
they ain't gone let me pack
they ain't gone gimme my semi but I got my Whizz at

We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We are Americans
Us as a citizen
We as Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans

###"Insane"###

I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah fucked in the head
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 'Til one night he snuck in and said
We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed
Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead?
After I fuck you in the butt, get some head, Bust a nut, get some rest
The next day my mother said "I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid!
The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed He just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead"
"Debbie don't let that fucker get you upset
Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck I bet you he's fakin' it,
I bet you I bet he probably just wants to see how upset you would get I'll go handle this of course, unless you object"
"Ah go fuck his brains out, if any's left in his head"

[Chorus: x2]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

"Did you get him?" Naaw, fucker tried to bite my face off I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw!
Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off
Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot
Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop
Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong
Then he played ping pong with his own ding dong!
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off
Everything, except his tank top and his training bra
Ain't he raw? Yeah maniac, that's Shady dog
Man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog?
Shady dog, what be going through that fuckin' brain of yours
Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for, sing along

[Chorus: x2]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

Don't you know what felch means? (yeah), well then tell me Would you rather get felched or do the felching?
Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching
Burp, belch, then go back for a second helping Can you dig what I'm sayin' man, can you smell me?
I want you to feel me like my step father felt me (oohh)
Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping "Shady what the fuck you saying!?"
I don't know help me! What the fuck's happening, I think I'm fucking melting
"Marshall I just love you boy, I care about your well being" No Dad, I said no,
I don't need no help peeing I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself see!
I only get naked when the baby sitter tells me She showed me a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street"
But it was X, and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea"
"Well this is called ass rape, and we're shooting the jail scene"

[Chorus: x2]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!

###"Seduction"###

You, you, you, you, you
Like a verbal seduction when...
Seduction when I tell them girls on the floor

I don't know, man.
Just feels like we're a lot different.
Kinda feels like I'm on a whole different page right now than you.
It feels strange but uh, I guess it's kinda like, it's kinda like...

I feel like I'm morphing into something that's so incredible that I'm dwarfing all competitors.
Better get your girlfriend in check. It's psychological warfare. Endorphins I affect.
Your self-esteem shatters as dialect comes blasting out your deck, "She loves me".
Such passion, you'd expect this sort of reaction from her. Yet, you strong arm.
You're fucking corny. You try to turn your charm on
'Cause you just think you're Bishop, the Don Juan.
But if you think that you're fucking with me, homie you're on one.
I'm cocking my head back like, "Ed Lover. C'mon son.
She's on my Johnson.
She brings my name up constant."
Your boys are like, "She's fucking with dude. She wants him."
Homeboy, you better get a clue.
She's on my dick 'cause I spit better than you.
What you expect her to do?
How you expect her to act in the sack when she's closing her eyes, fantasizing of digging her nails in my back to this track.

Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do,
(It's like a verbal seduction.)
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
(It's like a verbal seduction.)
Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do,
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
(It's like a verbal seduction.)

She's sitting there getting liquored up at the bar.
She says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you than to count the things that are.
There's a seven-disc CD changer in her car, and I'm in every single slot, and you're not. Aww.
I'm the logo on that Dallas Cowboy helmet: a star
And I'm not about to sit back and just keep rhyming one syllable. Naw.
Switch it up, and watch them haters not give it up 'cause they're just not good enough.
But I'm not giving up 'til I get my respect, and I won't stop 'til I get enough,
'Cause I'm not living up to my own expectations. Aww.
That hater alarm is sounding off, that Obama took the bomb from my name. Aww.
So quit crying that I took your dame, homie she's my dame. Aww.
You sadly mistaken if you thinking that I'm not on my game, boy.
And things just ain't been the same since the day that I came forth.
You wear your heart on your sleeve. I sport that white tank boy.
But you got a hard on for me. What you hollering my name for?
It's your bitch on my dick. Ain't my dang fault. Man, I can't call it...

Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do,
(It's like a verbal seduction.)
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
(It's like a verbal seduction.)
Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do,
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
(It's like a verbal seduction.)

It's like we're playing lyrical tug of war with your ear. You hear it girl, come here.
Put your ear up to the speaker, dear, while I freak this world premier seducing her.
Loosen up with a little freestyle that'll wait, am I losing you? Am I making you look bad?
Well I got news for ya, homie, you losing her. Oh wait, she don't like when I spit it fast.
Am I trying to show her how? Let me slow it down some. It's still gonna be a blow out.
You're gonna wanna throw out your whole album.
Rummage through the shit, and try to salvage something to see if you can save any of it,
Punk, but none of it's fucking with me. Prick, you really feeling that bullshit?
You think you killing them syllables. Quit playing. These beats ain't nothing to fool with.
They call me Fire Marshall. I shut the shit down.
Your entire arsenal is not enough to fuck with one round.
I am also the opposite of what you are like.
You are microcosm of what the fuck I am on the mic.
I am awesome and you are just awestruck. She's love-stricken.
She's got her jaw stuck, from sucking my dick. Aww, fuck.

Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do,
(It's like a verbal seduction.)
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
(It's like a verbal seduction.)
Seduction, seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do,
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you...
(It's like a verbal seduction.)

###"Business"###

[Eminem & Dr. Dre:]
Marshall! Sounds like an SOS
Holy wack unlyrical lyrics, Andre, you're fucking right!
To the Rapmobile – let's go!
(Marshall! Marshall!)
Bitches and gentlemen! It's showtime!
Hurry hurry, step right up!
Introducing the star of our show
His name is (Marshall!)
You wouldn't want to be
Anywhere else in the world right now
So without further ado, I bring to you (Marshall!)

[Eminem:]
You 'bout to witness hip-hop in its most purest
Most rawest form, flow almost flawless
Most hardest, most honest known artist
Chip off the old block, but old Doc is (back)
Looks like Batman brought his own Robin
Oh God, Saddam's got his own Laden
With his own private plane, his own pilot
Set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges
Oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes
Vrinn, vrinn! Yeah, here I come, I'm inches
Away from you, dear, fear none
Hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1, so

Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)

Quick, gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles
Gee willikers Dre, "Holy bat syllables!"
Look at all the bullshit that goes on
In Gotham when I'm gone
Time to get rid of these rap criminals
So skip to your lou while I do what I do best
You ain't even impressed no more, you're used to it
Flows too wet, nobody close to it
Nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit
The most hated on out of all those who say
They get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all so much
They make it all up, there's no such thing
Like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans
It just means so much more to so much more
People when you're rappin' and you know what for
The show must go on; so I'd like to welcome y'all
To Marshall and Andre's carnival, c'mon!

Now let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)

It's just like old times, the Dynamic Duo
Two old friends, why panic? You already know
Who's fully capable, the two caped heroes
Dial straight down the center, eight-zero-zero
You can even call collect, the most feared duet
Since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette
And never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat
People steppin' over people just to rush to the set
Just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely
Ease over these beats and be so breezy
Jesus, how can shit be so easy?
How can one Chandra be so Levy?
Turn on these beats, MC's don't see me
Believe me, BET and MTV
Are gonna grieve when we leave, dog, fo' sheezy
Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me
'Til we grow beards, get weird and disappear
Into the mountains, nothin' but clowns down here
But we ain't fuckin' around round here
Yo, Dre (What up?) Can I get a "hell yeah"? (Hell yeah!)

Now let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!)

So there you have it, folks
(Marshall!) has come to save the day
Back with his friend Andre
Here to remind you that bullshit does not pay
Because (Marshall!) and Andre are here to stay
And never go away, until our dying day
Until we're old and grey (Marshall!)
So until next time, friends
Same blonde hair, same rap channel
Good night, everyone! Thank you for coming!
Your host for the evening (Marshall!)
Oh! Heh

###"If I Had..."###

Life by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle
Put in front of your optical to slow you down
And every time you think you've gotten past it
It's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends
But they're really your enemies, with secret identities
And disguises, to hide their true colors
So just when you think you're close enough to be brothers
They wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin'
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around
Swearing that they was always down
What is life?
I'm tired of life
I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers sprayin' shit and dartin' off
I'm tired of jobs startin' off at five fifty an hour
Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off
I'm tired of being fired every time I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
For this jerk breathing down my neck driving me berserk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of workin' at Builder's Square
Tired of not being a millionaire

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
Without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
Robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
I'm tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work
In the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me
Saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me"
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of JLB saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
Without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
Robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit
Telling me to be positive
How'm I supposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?
Know what I'm sayin'?
I rap about shit around me, shit I see
Know what I'm sayin'? Right now I'm tired of everything
Tired of all this player-hating that's going on in my own city
Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin'
But hey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'?
Just fed up
That's my word

###"Crack A Bottle"###

Ooww ladies and gentlemen
The moment you've all been waiting for..
In this corner: weighing 175 pounds,
With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders,
The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world:
Slim Shady!

[Chorus — Eminem:]
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

OK... let's go

Back wit Andre, the giant, mister elephant tusk
Fix your musk, you'll just be another one bit the dust
Just one of my mothers son who got thrown under the bus
Kiss my butt. Lick the fumunda cheese from under my nuts
It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks
It's a must I redeem my name 'n' haters get mushed.
Bitches lust. Man, they love me when I lay in the cut.
Fist the cup. The lady gave her eighty some paper cut.
Now picture us. it's ridiculous you curse at the thought
'Cause when I spit the verse the shit
Gets worse then Worcestershire sauce
If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time
Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes
It's elementary. The elephants have entered the room.
I venture to say we're the center of attention it's true
Not to mention back with a vengeance so here's the signal
Of the bat symbol. The platinum trio's back on you hoes.

[Chorus — Eminem:]
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Dre

[Dr. Dre]
They see that low rider go by, they're, like, "Oh, my!"
You ain't got to tell me why you're sick 'cause I know why.
I dip through in that six trey like sick 'em Dre.
I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they're sick of me.
But hey, what else can I say? I love LA.
'Cause over and above all, it's just another day
And this one begins where the last one ends.
Pick up where we left off and get smashed again.
I'll be damned, just fucked around and crashed my Benz.
Driving around with a smashed front end
Let's cash that one in.
Grab another one from out the stable
The Monte Carlo, El Camino or the El Dorado
The hell if I know.
Do I want leather seats or vinyl?
Decisions, decisions
Garage looks like Precision Collision.
Or Maaco beats quake like Waco
Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

And I take great pleasure in introducing: 50 Cent

[50 Cent]
It's bottle after bottle
The money ain't a thing when you party with me
It's what we into, it's simple
We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe
I'm the napalm, the bomb, the don, I'm King Kong
Get rolled on, wrapped up, and reigned on
I'm so calm through Vietnam, ring the alarm
Bring the shaun dawn, burn marajaun, do what you want
Nigga, on and on till the break of what
Get the paper, man, I'm caking, you know, I don't give a fuck
I spend it like it don't mean nothing
Blow it like it's supposed to be blown
Motherfucker I'm grown
I stunt, I style, I flash the shit
I gets what the fuck I want, so what I trick
Fat ass burgundy bags, classy shit, Jimmy Choos shoes
I say move a bitch move

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

###"Taking My Ball"###

[Eminem]
Yo...Dre Man..Make my vocals sound sexy,
Come on man, come on man, okaaaay,

[Chorus]
It feels so wrong cause it feels so right,
But its all right, its ok with me,
I'll do my steps all by myself,
I don't need nobody to play with me,
But if you just give me a chance,
I can put you in a trance the way I dance,
But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm
Taking My Ball and going home, hooome,

[Verse 1]
I'm that guy man,
Shove a diamond up my hind end,
And crush it with my butt muscles while I cut vocals,
Slut poke holes in ya shirt, jump in mud puddles,
While I stomp mudholes in ya ass girl,
Now lets cuddle,
Blood curdling your gurgling on your blood,
What I do for my next trick,
Im feeling won-der-ful,
I think I might just do something a little less subtle,
Shove a fucking tonka truck up a little kids butthole,
Feel the wrath of a psychopath slash ambassador of the valentines day massacre slash assassin
I slash her in the ass with a icicle
And leave her laying a blood bath
While I put a catheter in
And jump in the bath with her,
In my spiderman mask man
Just imagine the fun I can have with a strap on,
Stick it up Kim Kardashian's ass and make the bitch run a triathlon,
Are those pistachio's damn, I'd like to have some,
Laying on the patio man, rolling a fat one,
Shady drop the magic marker, put the cap on,
God damn man are you that much of an asshole,

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I'm like houdini,
Tuck my teenie eenie weenie between each
One of my thighs and make it disappear like a genie,
Make the shit disappear like tara reid in a bikini, believe me homie,
You don't know the meaning of a meanie,
They call me the fruit loop from jupiter,
I'm trying to maneuver the hoover up in your poop shoot,
Dont move or ya might get it stuck so fucking far up in your uvula
You aint gonna know what he was tryna do to ya gluteus,
Totally tubular sniffing glue through a tube in the studio
Now who do ya think is more fruitier,
Weenier smoothered in peanut butter putting on a tube of ya eye shadow and man it look nice,
You should've seen it mother,
I think I'll put a piece of art on my visa card,
Then I'll go meet Mischa Barton with a Cuisinart
Then mosy on over to Rosie-o-Donnell's
With McDonald's jump on her lap and watch the Sopranos..

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Shady what are you doing chewing on a human,
Grab an aluminum bat hit Heidi Klum in the back, BOOM!
Assuming the fact that dudes in the back room
Using the bathroom vacuum and a racoon,
Skewing a rat a cat screwing a baboon,
You shouldn't ask what is he doing with that broom,
You should be glad he ain't leave you full of stab wounds,
You in a trance, I'm back doing my dance ooh,
But there afraid I might get Sarah Palin by the hair
And make her wear a bathing suit and take her para sailing
Shady why you gotta pick on the lady for,
Why you make her read 84 bed time stories to you in baby talk?
Cause I'm scared there's monster's under my bed,
Kelly Pickler hid my juice box under my bassinet,
No wonder my ass is wet my diaper needs to be changed,
You like graffiti dike, well I can pee pee and write your name,

[Chorus]

Fine nobody wants to play with me 
Fuck you then bitch!
You guys are always mean to me anyways 
All you ever do is rub gum in my hair and stuff
You guys are gonna make me...make me sad I'm sad
I'm gonna cry...I'm crying
I'm going' tell my mom....mom...

###"Mosh"###

I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America
And to the Republic for which it stands
One nation under God
Indivisible with liberty and justice for all...
It feels so good to be back..

I scrutinize every word, memorize every line
I spit it once, refuel, re-energize and rewind
I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind
I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time
It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as
I say to fight, you take it as I'mma whip someone's ass
If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask
A father who has grown up with a fatherless past
Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has
Or at least shows no difficulty multi-task
And in juggling both perhaps mastered his craft
Slash entrepreneur who has helped launch a few more rap acts
Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half
Of his career typical manure moving past that
Mr. kisses ass crack, he's a class act
Rubber band man, yea he just snaps back

[Chorus:]
Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march
Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors (c'mon)

All the people up top on the side and the middle
Come together lets all bomb and swamp just a little
Just let it gradually build from the front to the back
All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black
Don't matter what color, all that matters we gathered together
To celebrate for the same cause don't matter the weather
If it rains let it rain, yea the wetter the better
They ain't gonna stop us they can't, we stronger now more than ever
They tell us no we say yea, they tell us stop we say go
Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell we gonna let em know
Stomp, push, shove, mush, Fuck Bush, until they bring our troops home (c'mon)

[Chorus]

Imagine it pouring, it's raining down on us
Mosh pits outside the oval office
Someone's tryina tell us something,
Maybe this is God just sayin' we're responsible
For this monster, this coward,
That we have empowered
This is Bin Laden, look at his head noddin'
How could we allow something like this without pumping our fists
Now this is our final hour
Let me be the voice in your strength and your choice
Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise
Try to amplify the times it, and multiply by six...
Teen million people, Are equal at this high pitch
Maybe we can reach alqueda through my speech
Let the president answer a higher anarchy
Strap him with an Ak-47, let him go, fight his own war
Let him impress daddy that way
No more blood for oil, we got our own battles to fight on our own soil
No more psychological warfare, to trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal
If we don't serve our own country, we're patronizing a hero
Look in his eyes its all lies
The stars and stripes, they've been swiped, washed out and wiped
And replaced with his own face, Mosh now or die
If I get sniped tonight you know why,
Cause I told you to fight.

[Chorus]

And as we proceed,
To Mosh through this desert storm,
In these closing statements, if they should argue
Let us beg to differ
As we set aside our differences
And assemble our own army
To disarm this Weapon of Mass Destruction
That we call our President, for the present
And Mosh for the future of our next generation
To speak and be heard
Mr. President, Mr. Senator
Do you guy's hear us...hear us...[laughing] (Hailie)

###"No Apologies"###

[Verse 1]
In my mind I'm a fighter, my heart's a lighter
My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up
Arsenic writer, author with arthritis
Carpel tunnel, Marshall will start shit-itis
Hard headed and hot headed, bull headed and pig headed,
Dick headed, a prick, a big headache I'm sick
Quick witted, for every lyric spitted there are 6 critics
Who wait for me to slip with it so quick
This dynamite stick buried the wick, it's gonna explode any minute
Some lunatic lit it and it's not Nelly
Do not tell me to stop yelling, when I stop selling I quit
So stop dwelling and I am not failing
You fuckers are not ready, 'cause I got jelly like (Beyonce's) pot belly
This is Destiny, yes money I'm off running
So get off of me, I'm not slowing or softening

[Chorus:]
No apologies, nah suckers I'm not sorry
You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me
No apologies, y'all feelin' the force of me
No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me
No apologies, not even acknowledging you at all
'til I get a call that god's coming
No apologies, laugh fuckers it's all funny
I can spit in ya face while your standin' across from me, no apologies

[Verse 2]
My head hits the pillow, a weeping willow, I can't sleep, a pain so deep it bellows
But these cellos help just to keep me mellow, hand's on my head, touched knees to elbow
I'm hunched over, emotion just flows over, these cold shoulders are both frozen, you don't know me
I keep saying it, I can't stress it enough, so keep playing it and stand next to the subs
I choke mic's like asphyxiation when I'm stranglin' my own throat masturbatin'
Fuck yeah I'm a basket case and I mastered this rap shit, 'til my ass gets wasted, 'til my assassination,
'Til I'm slain 'cause of some fag's infatuation
44 mags a fascination, a taste for disaster and if that's the case then...

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
This song isn't for you, it's for me, a true MC
It's what it do just to see if he still has it
And if his skills mastered,
He's able to spill raps long after his killed, that's a real MC
Got you feelin' me, whether willing or unwillingly
You still agree, as long as there's still this hunger and will in me
Then expect a longer life expectancy
I'd be a savage beast if I ain't have this outlet to salvage me inside
I'd be exploding soaked in self loathing an mourning
So I'm warning you, don't coax me
It's silly, I'm really a sheep in wolf's clothing
Who only reacts when he gets pushed, don't be fooled
The press blows up this whole thing, it's stupid
They don't know 'cause they don't see that I'm wounded
All they did was ballooned it
I'm sick of talkin' 'bout these tattoos cartoon did
That's why I tuned it out, I'm sick of dukin'
And they can suck my dick while I'm pukin', and you too, you can

[Outro x2]
Expect no sympathy from me I'm an MC
This is how I'm supposed to be
Cold as a G, my hearts frozen it don't even beat
So expect no apologies

###"Bad Meets Evil"###

[Intro - Cowboy (Jeff Bass):]
I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts
You know, there's a story behind that there saloon
Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over
Sheriffs couldn't stop 'em
Quickest damn gun-slingers I've ever seen
Got murdered in cold-blood
That old saloon there was their little "home away from home"
They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern
And on a quiet night
You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce da 5'9"

[Eminem:]
I don't speak, I float in the air wrapped in a sheet
I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat
I translate when my voice is read through a seismograph
And a noise is spread, picked up and transmitted through Royce's head
Trap him in his room, possess him and hoist his bed
Til the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead
Told him each one of his boys is dead
I asked him to come to the dark side
He made a choice and said...

[Royce:]
Who hard? Yo I done heard worse
We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other
To see which one'll swerve first
Two blind bandits panic whose mental capacity holds
That of a globe on top of nine other planets
Kissed the cheek of the Devil
Intelligence level is hellier than treble peaking on speakers in the ghetto
Dismissal, I'm not a fair man
Disgraced the race of an atheist
Intercepting missiles with my bare hands like a patriot
One track sliced without swords
I buried the Christ corpse
In my past life when the black knight mounted the white horse
And stay over-worked, it's like the Nazis and the Nation
Collaborating attempting to take over the Earth

[Eminem:]
Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
And we hit the trees til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Above the law cause I don't agree with police either (Shit, me neither)
We ain't eager to be legal
So please leave me with the keys to your Jeep Eagle
I breathe ether in three lethal amounts
While I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle
Releasing rage on anybody in squeezing range
Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain
(He's insane)
No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off
Cause I can't find a decent vein

[Royce:]
The disaster with dreads
I'm bad enough to commit suicide
And survive long enough to kill my soul after I'm dead
When in danger, it's funny, actually my flavor's similar to a waiter
Cause I serve any stranger with money
I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains
While slipping bullets at point-blank range like they was punches
Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral
Service lobby and strangle your body to confirm it
Whipping human ass, throwing blows, cracking jaws
With my fists wrapped in gauze, dipped in glue and glass
I'm blazing MCs, at the same time amazing MCs
Somehow, MCs ain't that eyebrow-raising to me
From all of angles of us, flash a Mack loud enough
To cast a avalanche and bust till volcanoes erupt

[Interlude:]
[phone rings]
Hello? (Billy) Aiyyo what's up (we're comin to get you)
STOP, THEY KNOW IT'S US!!

[Eminem:]
I used to be a loudmouth, remember me?
I'm the one who burned your house down, well I'm out now
And this time I'm coming back to blow your house up
And I ain't gon' leave you a window to jump out of
Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms
And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms
And when I go to hell and I'm getting ready to leave
I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe

[Royce and Eminem:]
Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
And we hit the trees 'til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel
(We'll be waiting) See you in hell
Wall Street, Royce Da 5'9", Slim Shady
See you in hell for the sequel (bye-bye)
Bad Meets Evil, what ('til next time)

[Cowboy:]
And so that's the story when Bad meets Evil
Two of the most wanted individuals in the county
Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens
It's too bad they had to go out the way they did
Got shot in the back coming out of that old saloon
But their spirits still live on till this day
Shhh...[spits] wait, did y'all hear that?
[Footsteps and windblowing]

###"Ricky Ticky Toc"###

Once you call my name out things will never be the same....
They should have never let us get off foot in this game...
Ever since I was introduced to rap music
I been missing a screw like Bishop and Juice
I could lose it at any moment
Those who know me know it
So they're probably told you go with the flow
Just so that I don't explode
And have another episode where I let it go as far as
The one with Benzino did I'm waiting for that next beef,
I'm cocked, locked and loaded
I'm ready to go so bad I'm going bananas,
My dick's so hard Anna Nicole could use it to fucking pole vault with
Oh shit, I mean when she was still bloated
Before they cut her stomach open and lipoed it
Anybody I throw flames at gets a name it's a game
Cause they know that they don't spit the same
It's a shame, what people do for 10 minutes of fame
Everyday it's the same thing,
People in this game try to buddy buddy us
Just to get close enough to study us
Everybody just wants to have something to do with that
They all trying to get that stamp
They after that Shady - Aftermath money
It's like a monopoly
They probably just now finally understand how to rob fully
50 Cent was like a fucking jackpot for me
And Dre, it's like we hit the fucking lottery
And a damn slot machine at the same time as each other
Why the fuck you think we ride like we brothers
When we rhyme with each other
In time we discovered that we have more in common
Then we thought with each other
Both robbed of our mothers
Our fathers ain't want us
What was wrong with us, was it our fault
Cause we started thinking god doesn't love us
Two odd motherfuckers who just happened to meet at the right time
What a coincidence cause when 50 got shot up in Jamaica Queens
I still remember the call up in ??
Big L had just got popped just a month before
If 50 lives he's getting dropped from Columbia
Two years later me and Doc had to come and, uh, operate
That's when he popped up a number one
And we ain't never gonna stop if you wond-ering
Even if I'm under the gun
You ain't gotta agree all the time with me
Or see eye to eye there'll always be animosity between you and I
But see the difference is if it is I could give a shit
Still gonna conduct motherfucking business as usual
Ego's aside, fore I bruise em' all
Swallow your pride fore I step on it with shoes you call Nike's
Earth links how do you like these you gotta love them
Look at the bottom of em' they're like cleats
Stomping, I been romping since Tim Dogg was hollering
'Fuck Compton'
I was whilin', free styling back when they was still making Maxell cassettes
I wasn't even raps Elvis yet
That tells us that any doubts in your head that seals the shit
Ricky-Ticky-Toc-Ticky-Ticky-Toc
Still with the Diggy-Diggy-Doc-Diggy-Diggy-Doc
And you don't stop

###"I'm Shady"###

[Eminem]
Who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough (huh?)
Told you how to slap dicks and murder your girl (I did!)
Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl
Sold a billion tapes and still screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(I'm Slim Shady..) so come and kill me while my name's hot
And shoot me twenty-five times in the same spot (Ow!)
I think I got a generation brainwashed
to pop pills and smoke pot til they brains rot (uhh-oh)
Stop they blood flow until they veins clot
I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch
Purple haze and acid raindrops
Spike the punch at the party and drink pop (gulp gulp)
Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top
Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop
You gotta make em fear you 'fore you make em feel you
So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!

[Eminem]
I like happy things, I'm really calm and peaceful (uh-huh huh)
I like birds, bees, I like people
I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful (hehehe)
like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool (Woo!)
The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike
while I blow my brain out, just to see what it feels like
cause this is how I am in real life (mm-hmm)
I don't want to just die a normal death, I wanna be killed twice (uh-huh)
How you gonna scare somebody with a gun threat
when they high off of drugs they haven't even done yet (Huh?)
So bring the money by tonight - cause your wife 
said this the biggest knife she ever saw in her life (Help me! Help me!)
I try to keep it positive and play it cool
Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school (Stay in school!)
Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better
Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!

[Eminem]
Yo.. I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it 
(Aww that shit is wack!)
Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit 
(What?? That's my shit!)
People don't buy shit no more they just dub it
That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit (Yup, uh huh)
But they love it when you make your business public
so fuck it, I've got herpes while we on the subject (uh-huh)
And if I told you I had AIDS y'all would play it
cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playin when I say it
-- Well, I do take pills, don't do speed
Don't do crack (uh-uhh) don't do coke, I do smoke weed (uh-huh)
Don't do smack, I do do shrooms, do drink beer (yup)
I just wanna make a few things clear
My baby mama's not dead (uh-uhh) she's still alive and bitchin (yup)
And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin
It's not syphilis, and as for being AIDS infested
I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!
(Ha hah-ha, ha! Ha hah, hah..) I told you I was Shady!!
(Ha hah-ha, hah-ha! Ha hah, hah-ha, hah-ha, hah-ha)
Y'all didn't wanna believe me!
I'm Shady!!
.. And that's my name

###"Drug Ballad"###

Yeah, hahahaha...whooooo, shit!
Aight, guess what? I ain't coming in yet...
I'll come in a minute
Ayo...This is my love song...it goes like this

Back when Mark Wahlberg was Marky Mark
(fuckin' faggot)
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to mix Hen' with Bacardi Dark
And when it kicks in you can hardly talk

And by the sixth gin you're gon' probably crawl
And you'll be sick then and you'll probably barf
And my prediction is you're gon' probably fall
Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall

And everything's spinning
You're beginnin' to think women
Are swimming in pink linen again in the sink
Then in a couple of minutes
That bottle of Guinness is finished
You are now allowed to officially slap bitches

You have the right to remain violent and start wilin'
Start a fight with the same guy that was smart-eyein' you
Get in your car, start it, and start drivin'
Over the island and cause a 42-car pile-up

Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot
Looking for life on this planet, sir, no sign of it
All I can see is a bunch of smoke flyin'
And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it
Let me out of this place
I'm outta place
I'm in outer space
I've just vanished without a trace
I'm going to a pretty place
Now where the flowers grow
I'll be back in an hour or so

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

In third grade, all I used to do
Was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubik's cube
17 years later I'm as rude as Jude
Scheming on the first chick with the hugest boobs

I've got no game
And every face looks the same
They've got no name
So I don't need game to play

I just say whatever I want to whoever I want
Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want

However I do show some respect to few
This ecstasy's got me standing next to you
Getting sentimental as fuck spillin' guts to you
We just met but I think I'm in love with you

But you're on it too
So you tell me you love me too
Wake up in the morning like
"Yo, what the fuck we do?"
I gotta go bitch
You know I got stuff to do
'Cause if I get caught cheatin' then I'm stuck with you

But in the long run
These drugs are probably going to catch up sooner or later
But fuck it, I'm on one
So let's enjoy
Let the X destroy your spinal cord
So it's not a straight line no more
'Til we walk around looking like some wind-up dolls
Shit's sticking out of our backs like a dinosaur
Shit, six hits won't even get me high no more
So bye for now
I'm going to try to find some more

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow
When you swallow it all wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow you're probably gonna wanna do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend? Screw it
And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning?
And what's a little fight?
Tomorrow you'll be boys again
It's your life
Live it however you wanna
Marijuana is everywhere
Where was you brought up?
It don't matter as long as you get where you're going
‘Cause none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin'
They tell you to stop, but you just sit there ignoring
Even though you wake up feeling like shit every morning

But you're young
You've got a lot of drugs to do
Girls to screw
Parties to crash
Sucks to be you
If I could take it all back now, I wouldn't
I would have did more shit that people said that I shouldn't
But I'm all grown up now and upgraded and graduated
Did better drugs and updated
But I've still got a lot of growing up to do
I've still got a whole lot of throwing up to spew

But when it's all said and done I'll be 40
Before I know it with a 40 on the porch telling stories
With a bottle of Jack
Two grandkids in my lap
Babysitting for Hailie while Hailie's out getting smashed

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "No"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me

Drugs really got a hold of me
Really got a hold of me
'Cause drugs really got a hold of me
They really got a hold of me

###"Legacy"###

Tell me where to go, tell me what to do
I'll be right there for you
Tell me what to say, no matter if it's true
I'll say it all for you

[Verse 1:]
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian?
What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in?
'Cause I don't belong in this world
That's why I'm scoffing at authority, defiant often
Flying off at the handle at my mom, no dad
So I am non-compliant at home, at school I'm just shy and awkward
And I don't need no goddamn psychologist
Tryna diagnose why I have all these underlying problems
Thinking he can try and solve them
I'm outside chalking up drawings on the sidewalk
And in the front drive talking to myself
Either that or inside hiding off in the corner somewhere quiet
Trying not to be noticed 'cause I'm crying and sobbing
I had a bad day at school so I ain't talking
Some cocksucker shoved me into a fucking locker
'Cause he said that I eyeballed him

And if you fall, I'll get you there
I'll be your savior from all the wars that are fought
Inside your world
Please have faith in my words

'Cause this is my legacy, legacy, eh
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
There's no guarantee,
It's not up to me,
We can only see
This is my legacy, legacy
Legacy, legacy

[Verse 2:]
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Why am I so differently wired in my noggin?
'Cause sporadic as my thoughts come, it's mind boggling
'Cause I obsess on everything in my mind small shit
Bothers me but not my father, he said Sayonara then split
But I don't give a shit I'm fine long as
There's batteries in my Walkman nothing's the matter with me
Shit look on the bright side at least I ain't walking
I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment
Complex on a ten speed which I've acquired parts that I
Find in the garbage, a frame, then put tires on it
Headphones on look straight ahead if kids try and start shit
But if this is all there is for me life offers
Why bother even try and put up a fight, it's nonsense
But I think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience
What about them rhymes I've been jottin'
They're kinda giving me confidence
Instead of tryna escape through my comics,
Why don't I just blast a little something like Onyx
To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that
Say what I wanna say to the kid that said that I eyeballed him
Grab hold of my balls like that's right fight's on bitch
Who would've knew from the moment I turned the mic on that
I could be iconic, and my conquest
Is word to Phife Dawg from a tribe called Quest

This is my legacy, legacy, eh
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
There's no guarantee,
It's not up to me,
We can only see
This is my legacy, legacy
Legacy, legacy

[Verse 3:]
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Now I think the fact that I'm differently wired's awesome
'Cause if I wasn't I wouldn't be able to work
Words like this and connect lines like crosswords
And use my enemy's words as strength
To try and draw from, and get inspired off em
'Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit
By you wack fucking giant sacks of lying dog shit
Now you shut up bitch, I am talking
Thought I was full of horseshit and now
You fucking worship the ground in which I am walking
Me against the world so what? I'm Brian Dawkins
Versus the whole 0 and 16 Lions offense
So bring on the Giants Falcons and Miami Dolphins
It's the body bag game bitch I'm supplying coffins
'Cause you dicks, butt kiss, a bunch of Brian Baldingers
You gon' die a ball licker I've been diabolical
With this dialogue since 99 Rawkus
You don't respect the legacy I leave behind y'all can
Suck a dick, the day you beat me pigs'll fly out my ass
In a flying saucer full of Italian sausage
The most high exalting and I ain't halting
Till I die of exhaustion inhale my exhaust fumes
The best part about me is I am not you
I'm me and I'm the Fire Marshall and this is my

Legacy, legacy, eh
This is my legacy, legacy, eh
There's no guarantee, it's not up to me, we can only see
This is my legacy, legacy
Legacy, legacy

###"Won't Back Down"###

[Pink:]
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no I won't back down
Oh no

[Eminem:]
Cadillac Sevilles, Coupe Devilles
Brain dead rims yeah stupid wheels
Girl I'm too for real
Lose your tooth and nails
Try to fight it, try to deny it
Stupid you will feel
What I do, I do at will
Shooting from the hip, yeah boy shoot to kill
Half a breath left on my death bed
Screaming, "F that!" yeah super ill
Baby what the deal
We can chill, split a half a pill and a Happy Meal
Fuck a steak slut
I cut my toes off and step on the receipt before I foot the bill
Listen garden tool don't make me introduce you to my power tool
You know the fucking drill
How you douchebags feel knowing you're disposable?
Summer's Eve Massengill
Shady's got the mass appeal
Baby crank the shit
'Cause it's your goddamn jam
You say that you want your punchlines a little more compact
Well shorty I'm that man
These other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at man
I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium and said
Settle your fucking ass down I'm ready for combat, man
Get it? Calm Batman.
Nah, ain't nobody who's as bomb and as nuts
Lines are like mom's CAT scans
'Cause they fucking go bananas
Honey I applaud that ass
Swear to God, man, these broads can't dance
Ma, show 'em how it's done
Spaz like a goddamn Taz, yeah

[Pink:]
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no I won't back down
Oh no

[Eminem:]
Girl, shake that ass like a Donkey with Parkinson's
Make like Michael J. Fox in the drawers playin' with an etch-a-sketch
Bet you that you'll never guess who's knocking at your door
People hit the floors
Yeah tonight ladies you gon' get divorced
Girl forget remorse, I'mma hit you broads
With Chris's force like you pissed him off
Talented with the tongue motherfucker
You ain't got a lick in yours
Hittin' licks like I'm robbin' liquor stores
Makin' cash registers shit their drawers
Think you spit the rawest
I'm an uncooked slab of beef
Laying on your kitchen floor
In other words I'm off the meat rack
Bring the beat back
Bring in two extension cords
I'mma measure my dick shit I need 6 inches more
Fuck my dick's big bitch
Need I remind you
That I don't need the fucking swine flu to be a sick pig?
You're addicted I'm dope
I'm the longest needle around here
Need a fix up I'm the big shot
Get it dick-snots?
You're just small pokes little pricks
Girl you think that other prick's hot
I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match
'Fore I sit back and let him get hotter
Better call the cops on him quick fast
Shady's right back on your bitch ass
White trash with a half a six pack in his hatchback
Trailer hitch attached to the back (dispatch)

[Pink:]
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no I won't back down
Oh no

[Eminem:]
Bitch, am I the reason that your boyfriend stopped rapping?
Does a bird chirp? Lil' Wayne slurps syrup 'til he burps
And smoke purp?
Does a word search get circles wrapped around it like you do when I come through?
I'd like you to remind yourself
Of what the fuck I can do when I'm on the mic
Or you're the kind of girl that I can take a liking to
Psych I'm spiking you like a football
Been this way since I've stood a foot tall
You're a good catch with a shitty spouse
Got a pretty mouth and a good jaw
Gimme good brain
Watch the wood grain,
Don't want no cum stain
Bitch, you listening? Tryna turn me down
Slut, I'm talking to you, turn me back up
Are you insane tryna talk over me in the car
Shut the fuck up while my shit's playin'
I'mma shit stain on the underwear of life
What's the saying? Where there's thunder there's lightning
And they say that it never strikes twice in the same place
Then how the fuck have I been hit six times
In three different locations
On four separate occasions?
And you can bet your stinking ass
That I've come to smash everything in my path
Fork was in the road took the psycho path
Poison ivy wouldn't have me thinking rash
So hit the dance floor cutie while I do my duty on this microphone
Shake your booty shorty I'm the shit
Why you think Proof used to call me Doody?

[Pink:]
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no I won't back down
Oh no

###"Same Song & Dance"###

Yo...
Same song and dance
Damn girl, everywhere I go
Same song and dance
I like the way you move, all over the globe
Same song and dance
Something about it, man
Same song and dance
In the pale moonlight Yo...

I'm looking at ya, yeah girl, you're kinda tooken back by
The whole rapper thing, aren't ya?
Probably thinking you'll get slapped so dang hard, ya
Won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya?
Couple rape charges, people think you're a monster
The police constantly bugging you, non-stop
I walk up on ya, "Well, hello Tonya"
I think you got your OnStar button inside your car stuck
You out of gas? Do you got a flat?
I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat
I got your back
Why don't you put your laundry baskets in the back
And sit up front; I'm not asking, it's a trap
You just got jacked and body snatched, and it's a wrap
In broad day, and no mask for this attack
I heard 'em say exact opposites attract
If that's a fact, it'll take task force to get you back
C'mon

Yeah baby, do that dance
It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass
That windshield's too strong for you
I said, yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you crying to me?
Same song and dance

The first victim I had, she was a big one
Big movie star, a party girl, big fun
She was the girl the media always picked on
In and out of rehab every 4 to 6 months
She was always known for little pranks and slick stunts
At Nickelodeon, flashed the little kids once
What an event it was, I was sitting in front
I was hooked in at the first glimpse of them buns
Seen her backstage, now here's where I come in, son
Look, here she comes, I better pull out the big guns
Hello Lindsay, you're looking a little thin, hun
How 'bout a ride to rehab? Get in, cunt
But starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want
Girl, I'm just kidding, let me start over again, hun
See what I meant was, we should have a little intervention
Come with me to Brighton, let me relieve your tension
You little wench, ya, murder wasn't my intention
If I wanted to kill you, it would've already been done
Slowly she gets in and I begin to lynch her
With 66 inches of extension cord

Yeah baby, do that dance
It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass
That windshield's too strong for you
I said, yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you crying to me?
Same song and dance

My second victim was even bigger than the first
Pop star, icon, the whole works
She played a little schoolgirl when she first
Burst upon the scene and seen that the world was hers
She twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts
It irked me, it made me mad at first
I lashed out in my songs, but what was really going on
Was that I had developed a crush
I just didn't know how to tell it to her
Should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her?
Send her pictures of my collection of skeletons, or
Footage of me impaling myself on an elephant tusk?
We'll settle this once and for all, I'ma tell her at dusk
Tonight, tonight is the night, and tell her I must
Creep up to her mansion in stilettos, and just
Climb the gate, and ring the bell, like "Hello, my love"
I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up
Now would you like to share a pill or two with me?
I'll share my Valium with you 'cause I'm feeling you Britney
I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one
Ever since a schoolgirl juvenile delinquent
I've been feeling you, ooh-ooh, girl, you sexy little gal, you
Hold that pill any longer, it'll get sentimental value
C'mon toots, give me the Valium alley-oop
I'll slam dunk it in your mouth 'til you puke
And just as soon as you pass out in your alphabet soup
I'm 'bout to make a new outfit out of you
New outfit? Shit, I'll make a suit out of you, shoot
Now, show me how you move, baby, do how a-you do

Yeah baby, do that dance
It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass
That windshield's too strong for you
I said, yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you crying to me?
Same song and dance

Same kicking and screaming, same crying and sobbing
Same song and dance
Same begging and pleading, same yelling and bleeding
Same song and dance
Yeah
Same song and dance
I know
Same song and dance

###"On Fire"###

Yeah. You know?.. Critics, man
Critics never got nothin' nice to say, man
You know the one thing I notice about critics, man?
Is critics never ask me how my day went
Well I'mma tell 'em

Yesterday my dog died, I hog-tied a ho, tied her in a bow
Said, "Next time you blog, try to spit a flow."
You wanna criticize, dog? Try a little mo'
I'm so tired of this I could blow, fire in the hole
I'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the dro
Better hold on a little tighter here I go
Flows tighter, hot headed as Ghost Rider
Cold-hearted as Spiderman throwing a spider in the snow
So you better get lower than Flo-Rida inside of a lowrider with no tires in the hole
Why am I like this? Why is winter cold?
Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the hoes?
Listen, dog, Christmas is off, this is as soft as it gets
This isn't golf this is a blisterin' assault
Those are your wounds this is the salt
So get lost
Shit dissing me is just like pissing off the Wizard of Oz
Wrap a lizard in gauze beat you in the jaws with it
Grab the scissors and saws and
Cut out your livers gizzards and balls
Throw you in the middle of the ocean in the blizzard with Jaws
So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw
Then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all
Got the gall to make Chris piss in his drawers
Tickle him, go to his grave, skip him and visit his dog

You're on fire
That's how you know you're on a roll
'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold
You're on fire
Man, I'm so fuckin' sick I got ambulances pulling me over and shit
You're on fire
You need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit to get the whole Hip-Hop Shop to blow
You're on fire, you're on fire

I just put a bullshit hook in between two long-ass verses if you mistook this for a song, look
This ain't a song it's a warning to Brooke, Hogan and David Cook
That the crook just took over so book
Run as fast as you can, stop writing and kill it
I'm lightning in a skillet you're a fuckin' flash in a pan
I pop up you bitches scatter like hot grease splashing a fan
Mr Mathers is the man
Yeah I'm pissed but I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can
Come back and whip your ass with it again
Saliva's like sulfuric acid in your hand it'll eat through anything metal the ass of Iron Man
Turn him into plastic so for you to think that you could stand a fuckin' chance is asinine
Yeah ask Denaun, man
Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon
Fuck it I ain't playing
Pull up in a van and hop out on a homeless man holding a sign saying,
"Vietnam vet," I'm out my fuckin' mind, man
Kick over the can beat his ass and leave him 9 grand
So if I seem a little mean to you this ain't savage you ain't never seen a brute
You wanna get graphic we can go the scenic route
You couldn't make a bulimic puke on a piece of fuckin' corn and peanut poop
Saying you sick quit playing you prick don't nobody care
Then why the fuck am I yelling at air
I ain't even talking to no one 'cause ain't nobody there
Nobody will fuckin' test me 'cause these hos won't even dare
I'm wasting punchlines but I got so many to spare I just thought of another one that might go here
Naw don't waste it save it psycho yeah
Plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about Michael's hair

You're on fire
That's how you know you're on a roll
'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold
You're on fire
Man, I'm so hot my motherfuckin' firetruck's on fire, homie
You're on fire
You need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit to give the whole Hip-Hop Shop to blow
You're on fire, you're on fire
You're on fire

###"Rap God"###

Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
(Six minutes, six minutes)
Something's wrong, I can feel it
(Six minutes, six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
Just a feeling I've got
Like something's about to happen
But I don't know what
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble
Big trouble. And if he is as bananas as you say
I'm not taking any chances
You are just what the doc ordered

I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me rap-bot

But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a living and a killing off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nutsack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with)
This flippity, dippity-hippity hip-hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match
With this rappity brat
Packing a MAC in the back of the Ac
Backpack rap, crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
And at the exact same time
I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic
I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop "F" bombs
Feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are having a rough time period
Here's a maxi pad
It's actually disastrously bad
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece yeah

'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard

Everybody want the key and the secret to rap
Immortality like I have got
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the Earth like an asteroid
Did nothing but shoot for the moon since (pew)
MCs get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to 'bust a rhyme'
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A., Cube, hey, Doc, Ren
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up
Blow up and be in a position
To meet Run-D.M.C. and induct them
Into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
Roll Hall of Fame even though I walk in the church
And burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game
'Til I walk a flock of flames
Off a plank and
Tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Little gay-looking boy
So gay I can barely say it with a 'straight' face, looking boy
You're witnessing a mass-occur like you're watching a church gathering take place, looking boy
Oy vey, that boy's gay
That's all they say, looking boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a "way to go" from your label every day, looking boy
Hey, looking boy, what d'you say, looking boy?
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre, looking boy
I'mma work for everything I have
Never asked nobody for shit
Get outta my face, looking boy
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
Of keeping up with the same pace, looking boy, 'cause

I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racing around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard

So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin
You're rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off then I'm reloading
Immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walking dead
But I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep-throating
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
We have nothing in common, poodle
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself
In the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me
My honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize
What I do though for good
At least once in a while so I wanna make sure
Somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
Enough rhymes to
Maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
Just in case 'cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes
But sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come trying to
Censor you like that one line I said
On "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP
One when I tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line
Add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
See if I get away with it now
That I ain't as big as I was, but I'm
Morphin' into an immortal coming through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from two thousand four though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel
With fucking cornrows
You write normal? Fuck being normal
And I just bought a new ray gun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya
Like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag
At Mayweather's pad singin' to a man
While he played piano
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special
On the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day
"Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you"
Lyrics coming at you with supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
Uh, summa lumma dooma lumma you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber, so that anything you say is
Ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
I'm devastating more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know that haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music
You make elevator music
"Oh, he's too mainstream."
Well, that's what they do
When they get jealous, they confuse it
"It's not hip-hop, it's pop."
'Cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it
"I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use."
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm ripping any one of these verses that versus you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice
Your songs you could sacrifice virgins to
Unghh, school flunky, pill junky
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
When I'm a million leagues above you
Ill when I speak in tongues
But it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you
I'm drunk. So, Satan, take the fucking wheel
I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumping Heavy D and the Boyz
Still "Chunky, but Funky"
But in my head there's something
I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils and
Here's what they want from me
They're asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I had
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it
Life's handing you lemons
Make lemonade then
But if I can't batter the women
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake him for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And make her fall on her face and
Don't be a retard, be a king?
Think not
Why be a king when you can be a God?

###"Till I Collapse"###

[Intro:]
'Cause sometimes you just feel tired,
Feel weak, and when you feel weak, you feel like you wanna just give up.
But you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength
And just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up
And not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse.

[B/W Intro:]
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left
Yo left, yo left, yo left right left

[Verse #1:]
Till I collapse I’m spilling these raps long as you feel 'em
Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killing them
'Cause when I am not then I'ma stop pinning 'em
And I am not hip-hop and I’m just not Eminem.
Subliminal thoughts when I'm stop sending them women are caught in webs spin and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop.
Amoxacillin is just not real enough.
The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling a minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners.
You're coming with me, feel it or not you’re gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of god lives in us.
You hear it a lot, lyrics that shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up.
For shizzel my wizzel this is the plot listen up you bizzels forgot slizzel does not give a fuck.

[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can’t shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse.
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can’t shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse.

[Verse #2:]
Music is like magic there’s a certain feeling you get when you're real
And you spit and people are feeling your shit.
This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it
'cause you may never get it again.
So while you’re in it try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end.
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in.
I got a list here's the order of my list that it's in.
It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie, Andre from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me.
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy, so when I’m not put on this list the shit does not offend me.
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me.
Even though half you people got a fucking problem with me.
You hate it but you know respect you’ve got to give me
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate hit me.

[Chorus - Nate Dogg]

[Verse #3:]
Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MC’s heart
What is he thinking? How not to go against me? Smart.
And it's absurd how people hang on every word.
I’ll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I’ll never be served my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first.
'Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse.
That’s why I’m clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I’m an addict
I rap like I’m addicted to smack like I’m Kim Mathers.
But I don’t want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers.
So this is like a full blown attack I’m launching at them
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
'Cause I don’t really think that the fact that I’m Slim matters
A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest. So...

[Chorus - Nate Dogg]

[Outro:]
[Eminem & Nate Dogg Echo:]
Until the roof
The roof comes off
Until my legs
Give out from underneath me

[Eminem:]
I will not fall,
I will stand tall,
Feels like no one can beat me.

###"Rhyme Or Reason"###

[Verse 1:]
(What's your name?) Marshall
(Who's your daddy?) I don't have one
My mother reproduced like the Komodo Dragon
And had me on the back of a motorcycle
Then crashed in the side of locomotive with rap, I'm loco
It's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun
Michelangelo with a paint gun in a tantrum
About to explode all over the canvas
Back with the Yoda of rap in a spasm
(Your music usually has them)
(But waned for the game your enthusiasm it hasn't)
(Follow you must, Rick Rubin my little Padawan)
A Jedi in training, colossal brain and, thoughts of entertaining
But docile and impossible to explain and, I'm also vain and
Probably find a way to complain about a Picasso painting
Puke Skywalker, but sound like Chewbacca when I talk
Full of such blind rage I need a seeing eye dog
Can't even find the page, I was writing this rhyme on (oh..)
Its on a rampage, couldn't see what I wrote I write small
(It says) Ever since I drove a 79 Lincoln with white walls
Had a fire in my heart, and a dire desire to aspire, to die hard
So as long as I'm on the clock punching this time card
Hip hop ain't dying on my watch

[Hook:]
But sometimes, when I'm sleeping, she comes to me in my dreams
Is she taken? Is she mine? Don't got, I don't care, don't have two shits to give
Let me take you by the hand, to promise land, and threaten everyone
'Cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing

[Bridge:]
Nah, (What's your name?) Marshall
(Who's your daddy?) I don't know him, but I wonder
(Is he rich like me?) Ha ha
(Has he taken, any time, to show you what you need to live?)
NO

[Verse 2:]
If he had, he wouldn't have ended up in these rhymes on my pad
I wouldn't be so mad, my attitude wouldn't be so bad, yeah, dad
I'm the epitome and the prime example of what happens
When the power of the rhyme falls into the wrong hands, and
Makes you want to get up and start dancing
Even if it is Charles Manson who just happens, to be rapping
Blue lights flashing, laughing all the way to the bank
Lamping in my K-Mart mansion, I'm in the style department
With a pile in my cart, ripping the aisle apart
With great power comes absolutely no responsibility, for content
Completely, despondent, and condescending
The king of nonsense and controversy is on a
Beat killing spree, your honor, I must plead
Guilty, 'cause I sparked a revolution
Rebel without a cause, who caused the evolution of rap
To take it to the next level, boost it
But several rebuked it, and whoever produced it
(Hip hop is the devil's music) Is that me? It belongs to me?
'Cause I just happen to be, a white honky devil with two horns
That don't honk but every time I speak you, hear a beep?
But lyrically I never hear a peep, not even a whisper
Rappers better stay clear of me, bitch
'Cause it's the…

[Hook]
It's the time of the season, when hate runs high
And this time I won't give it to you easy
When I take back what's mine, with pleasured hands
And torture everyone, that is my plan, my job here isn't done
'Cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing

[Bridge:]
(Whats your name?) Shady
(Who's your daddy?) I don't give a fuck, but I wonder
(Is he rich like me?) Doubt it, ha
(Has he taken, any time, to show you what you need to live?)

[Verse 3:]
So yeah dad let's walk
Let's have us a father and son talk
But I bet we wouldn't probably get one block
Without me knocking your block off
This is all your fault
Maybe that's why I'm so bananas
I appeal to all those walks of life
Whoever had strife
Maybe that's what dad and son talks are like
'Cause I related to the struggles of Young America
When their fucking parents were unaware of their troubles
Now they're ripping out their fucking hair again
It's hysterical, I chuckle
'Cause everybody bloodies their bare knuckles
Yeah, uh oh, better beware knuckle heads
The sign on my hustle says "Don't knock"
The door's broken, it won't lock
It might just fly open, get cold-cocked
You critics come pay to me a visit
Misery loves company, please stay a minute
Kryptonite to a hypocrite
Zip your lip if you dish it but can't take it
Too busy getting stoned in your glass house
To kick rocks, then you wonder why I lash out
Mister Mathers as advertised on the flyers
So spread the word 'cause I'm promoting my passion 'til I'm passed out
Completely brain dead Rainman
Doing the Bankhead in a restraint chair
So bitch, shoot me a look it better be a blank stare
Or get shanked in the pancreas, I'm angrier than
All 8 of the reindeer put together with Chief Keef
'Cause I hate every fucking thing, yeah
Even this rhyme bitch, and quit tryna look
For a fucking reason for it that ain't there
I still am a criminal
Ten year old degenerate grabbing on my genitals
The last Mathers LP done went diamond
This time I'm predicting that this one will go emerald
When will the madness end, how can it when
There's no method the pad and pen
The only message that I have to send
Is "Dad, I'm back at it again."
Bitch (who's your daddy?)

###"Stronger Than I Was"###

You used to say that I'd never be nothing without you
And I believe
I'm shot in the lungs, I gasp, I can't breathe
Just lay here with me, baby, hold me please
And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream, "Baby, please don't leave!"
Snatch the keys from your hand
I would squeeze and you'd laugh
And you'd tease, you're just fucking with me
And you must hate me
Why do you date me if you say I make you sick?
And you've had enough of me
I smother you, I'm 'bout to jump off the edge

But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you, I'll bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream, "Fuck you!"
'Cause I'm stronger than I was

A beautiful face is all that you have
'Cause on the inside you're ugly and mad
But you're all that I love
I grasp, you can't leave
Please stay here with me, baby, hold me please

And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream, "Baby, please don't leave!"
But you left and you took everything I had left
And left nothing, nothing for me
So please don't wake me from this dream, baby
We're still together in my head
And you're still in love with me
'Til I woke up to discover that that dream was dead

But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you, I'll bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream, "Fuck you!"
'Cause I'm stronger than I was

You walked out, I almost died
It was almost a homicide that you caused 'cause I was so traumatized
Felt like I was in for a long bus ride
I'd rather die than you not by my side
Can't count how many times I vomited, cried
Go to my room, turn the radio on and hide,
Thought we were Bonnie and Clyde
No, on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde I
Felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie
It was you and I, why did I think it was ride or die?
'Cause if you coulda took my life you woulda
It's like you put a knife to my chest and pushed it right through to the
Other side of my back and stuck a spike, too, should've
Put up more of a fight, but I couldn't at the time
No one could hurt me like you could've
Take you back now, what's the likelihood of that?
Bite me, bitch, chew on a nineteen footer
'Cause this morning I finally stood up
Held my chin up, finally showed a sign of life in me for the
First time since you left and left me with nothing but shattered dreams
And the life we could've had and we could've been
But I'm breaking out of this slump I'm in
Pulling myself out of the dumps once again
I'm getting up once and for all, fuck this shit
I'mma be late for the pity party
But you're never gonna beat me to the fucking punch again
Took it on the chin like a champ so don't lump me in with the chump-ions
I'm done being your punching bag

It was November 31st today, would've been our anniversary
Two years, but you left on the first of May
I wrote it on a calender, was gonna call, but couldn't think of the words to say
But they came to me just now, so I put 'em in a verse to lay
And I thank you (uh) 'cause you made me (uh) a better person than I was
But I hate you (uh) 'cause you drained me (uh)
I gave you all, you gave me none
But if you blame me (uh), you're crazy (uh)
And after all is said and done
I'm still angry, yeah, I may be
I may never trust someone

But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you, I'll bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream, "Fuck you!"
'Cause I'm stronger than I was

###"Who Knew"###

I never knew I..
I never knew I..
Mic check one-two
I never knew I..
Who woulda knew?
I never knew I..
Who'da known?
I never knew I..
Fuck would've thought
I never knew I..
Motherfucker comes out
I never knew I..
and sells a couple of million records
I never knew I..
And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling
I never knew I..

[Eminem]
I don't do black music, I don't do white music
I make fight music, for high school kids
I put lives at risk when I drive like this {*tires screech*}
I put wives at risk with a knife like this (AHHH!!)
Shit, you probably think I'm in your tape deck now
I'm in the back seat of your truck, with duct tape stretched out
Ducked the fuck way down, waitin to straight jump out
put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face, what now?
Oh - you want me to watch my mouth, how?
Take my fuckin eyeballs out, and turn em around?
Look - I'll burn your fuckin house down, circle around
and hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burning furniture out
(Oh my God! Oh my God!) I'm sorry, there must be a mix-up
You want me to fix up lyrics while the President gets his dick sucked?
[*ewwww*] Fuck that, take drugs, rape sluts
Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up
Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor
Quit tryin to censor music, this is for your kid's amusement
(The kids!) But don't blame me when lil' Eric jumps off of the terrace
You shoulda been watchin him - apparently you ain't parents

[Chorus: Eminem]

Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch
I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch

[Eminem]
So who's bringin the guns in this country? (Hmm?)
I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun through customs over in London
And last week, I seen a Schwarzaneggar movie
where he's shootin all sorts of these motherfuckers with a uzi
I sees three little kids, up in the front row,
screamin "Go," with their 17-year-old Uncle
I'm like, "Guidance - ain't they got the same moms and dads
who got mad when I asked if they liked violence?"
And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear
What about the make-up you allow your 12-year-old daughter to wear?
(Hmm?) So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words
when his bus driver's screamin at him, fuckin him up worse
("Go sit the fuck down, you little fuckin prick!")
And fuck was the first word I ever learned
up in the third grade, flippin the gym teacher the bird (Look!)
So read up, about how I used to get beat up
peed on, be on free lunch, and change school every 3 months
My life's like kinda what my wife's like (what?)
Fucked up after I beat her fuckin ass every night, Ike
So how much easier would life be
if 19 million motherfuckers grew to be just like me?

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I never knew I.. knew I'd..
have a new house or a new car
A couple years ago I was more poorer than you are
I don't got that bad of a mouth, do I?
Fuck shit ass bitch cunt, shooby-de-doo-wop (what?)
Skibbedy-be-bop, a-Christopher Reeves
Sonny Bono, skis horses and hittin some trees (HEY!)
How many retards'll listen to me
and run up in the school shootin when they're pissed at a
teach-er, her, him, is it you is it them?
"Wasn't me, Slim Shady said to do it again!"
Damn! How much damage can you do with a pen?
Man I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been
if you woulda been, in my shoes, who woulda thought
Slim Shady would be somethin that you woulda bought
that woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop
I just said it - I ain't know if you'd do it or not

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
How the fuck was I supposed to know?

###"Survival"###

Yeah.

[Liz Rodrigues:]
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

[Eminem:]
Wasn't ready to be no millionaire, I was ill-prepared
I was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there
From the beginning, it wasn't 'bout the ends
It was 'bout busting raps and standing for something, fucking acronym
Cut the fucking act like you're happy, I'm fucking back again
With another anthem, why stop when it doesn't have to end?
It ain't over 'til I say it's over – enough when I say enough
Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up
I'm afraid of what'll happen to them wolves
When the thought of being thrown into an alligator pit, I salivate at it
Wait is up, hands up like it's 12 noon, nah, homie
Hold them bitches straighter up, wave 'em 'til you dislocate a rotator cuff
Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers, nah, egos
I ain't deflate enough, last chance to make this whole stadium erupt 'cause

[Liz Rodrigues:]
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

I can see the finish line with each line that I finish
I'm so close to my goals I can almost pole vault over the goal post
And if I don't got enough in the tank, maybe I can just siphon enough
To fill up this last can, man will I survive in this climate or what?
They said I was washed up, and got a blood bath
I'm not a rapper, I'm an adapter, I can adjust
Plus I can just walk up to a mic and just bust
So floor's open if you'd like to discuss
Top 5 in this motherfucker and if I don't make the cut
What, like I give a fuck, I will light this bitch up like I'm driving a truck
To the side of a pump, 0 to 60 hop in and gun it
Like G-Unit without the hyphen, I'm hyping 'em up
And if there should ever come a time where my life's in a rut
And I look like I might just give up, eh might've mistook
Me for bowing out I ain't taking a bow, I'm stabbing myself
With a fucking knife in the gut, while I'm wiping my butt!
'Cause I just shitted on the mic, and I like getting cut
I get excited at the sight of my blood, you're in a fight with a nut
'Cause I'mma fight 'til I die or win
Biting the dust it'll just make me angrier, wait
Let me remind you of what got me this far, picture me quitting
Now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, slut
It's survival of what?

[Liz Rodrigues:]
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

[Eminem:]
So get your ideas, stack your ammo
But don't come unless you come to battle,
Now mount up, jump in the saddle
This is it, it's what you eat, sleep, piss and shit
Live, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this
Refuse to quit, fuse is lit, can't diffuse the wick
I don't do this music shit, I lose my shit
Ain't got shit to lose, it's the moment of truth
It's all I know how to do, as soon as I get thrown in the booth, I spit
But my respect is overdue, I'm showing you the flow no one do
'Cause I don't own no diploma for school, I quit!
So there's nothing for me to fall back on, I know no other trade
So you better trade your fucking mics in for some tool-box-es
'Cause you'll never take my pride from me
It'll have to be pried from me, so pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers!
But I want you to doubt me, I don't want you to believe
'Cause this is something that I must use to succeed
And if you don't like me then fuck you!
Self esteem must be fucking shooting through-the-roof 'cause trust me
My skin is too thick and bullet proof to touch me
I can see why the fuck I disgust you
I must be allergic to failure 'cause every time I come close to it
I just sneeze, but I just go achoo then achieve!

[Liz Rodrigues:]
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

###"My Mom"###

Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay
Alright, aight, aight, aight, aight, aight
Yo, yo
Alright, I'mma lay the chorus first
Here we go now

My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

My mom, my mom
I know you're probably tired of hearing 'bout my mom
Oh-ho, whoa-ho
But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty
And how I became hooked on Va-aliu-um
Valium was in everything, food that I ate
The water that I drank, fuckin' peas on my plate
She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak
So every day, I'd have at least three stomach aches
Now, tell me, what kind of mother would want to see her
Son grow up to be an under-a-fuckin'-chiever?
My teacher didn't think I was gonna be nothin' either
"What the fuck you stickin' gum up under the fucking seat for?"
"Mrs. Mathers, your son has been huffing ether
Either that or the motherfucker's been puffin' reefer"
But all this huffin' and puffin' wasn't what it was either
It was neither, I was buzzing but it wasn't what she thought
Pee in a teacup? Bitch, you ain't my keeper, I'm sleeping
What the fuck you keep on fucking with me for?
Slut, you need to leave me the fuck alone, I ain't playin'
Go find you a white crayon and color a fucking zebra

My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

Wait a minute, this ain't dinner, this is paint thinner
"You ate it yesterday, I ain't hear no complaints, did I?
Now here's a plate full of painkillers
Now just wait 'til I crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes
You little motherfucker, I'll make you sit there and make
That retarded fucking face without even tasting it
You better lick the fucking plate, you ain't wasting it
Put your face in it 'fore I throw you in the basement again
And I ain't givin' in, you're gonna just sit there
In one fucking place, finnickin' 'til next Thanksgiving
And if you still ain't finished it, I'll use the same shit again
Then when I make spinach dip, it'll be placed in the shit
You little shit, wanna sit there and play innocent?
A rack fell and hit me in K-Mart and they witnessed it
Child support, your father, he ain't sent the shit
And so what if he did? It's none of your dang business, kid"

My mom
There's no one else quite like my mom
I know I should let bygones be bygones
But she's the reason why I am high what I'm high on

'Cause my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

My mom loved Valium, now all I am
Is a party animal, I am what I am
But I'm strong to the finish with me Valium spinach
But my buzz only lasts about two minutes
But I don't wanna swallow it without chewin' it
I can't even write a rhyme without you in it
My Valium, my Vaaaaaa-liummmm, ohh

Man, I never thought that I could ever be
A drug addict, naw, fuck that, I can't have it happen to me
But that's actually
What has ended up happening, a tragedy
The fucking past ended up catching me
And it's probably where I got acquainted with the taste, ain't it?
Pharmaceuticals are the bomb, Mom, beautiful
She killed the fuckin' dog with the medicine she done fed it
Feed it a fuckin' aspirin and say that it has a headache
"Here, want a snack? You hungry, you fuckin' brat?
Look at that, it's a Xanax, take it and take a nap, eat it"
But I don't need it "Well fuck it then, break it up
Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up"
Alright Ma, you win, I don't feel like arguin'
I'll do it, pop and gobble it and start wobblin'
Stumble, hobble, tumble, slip, trip then I fall in bed
With a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobblehead

My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

My mom, I'm just like her
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my momma
Me momma, I like-a da momma
Haha, sorry Mom
I still love you though
Dr. Dre, 2010
Ay, this shit is hella hard, homie
Yo, take us on outta here
Woo!

###"Underground"###

A lot of people ask me
Where the fuck I've been at the last few years
Shit I don't know
But I do know - I'm back now.

[2x]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Dre. I'm down here under the ground
Pick me up, broken tibias fibias yeah fix me up
60 sluts, all of them dying from asphyxia
After they sip piss through Christopher Reeves sippy cup
Dixie cups, toxins, boxes of oxipads
Enough oxi-cotton to send a fucking ox to rehab
Whack job in the back in a black stocking cap
Jacking off to a hockey mask at a boxing match (He can't say that)
Yes he can, I just did faggot, now guess again
Better text message your next of kin, tell em shits about to get extra messy especially when I flex again
Throw a fucking lesbian into wet cement
Faggidy, faggidy, fagidy, ragidy Ann and Andy,
NO! Ragidy, Andy and Andy
NO! It can't be, it can't be
Yes it can be, the fucking Antichrist back Danny and Satan in black satin panties
This is Amityville, calamity god damn it insanity pills fanny pack filled with Xanax
Through every nook and cranny looking for trannies
Milk and cookies spilled on my silk
Negligee lookie
Razor blades with me to make you bleed,
Cases of Maybelline make-up laying on the table of weed
Slim Shady shit sounds like a fable to me
Until he jumps out of the fucking toilet when you're taking a pee.

[2x]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Six semen samples, 17 strands of hair
Found at the back of a van after the shooting at the vanity fare
Hannah Montanna prepare to elope from a can opener and be cut open like a cantaloupe and canopy beds
Glad bags, yeah glad to be back, 'cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack dead in rehab
Fucking doctor, I didn't understand a damn what he said I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch
Two weeks in Brighton, I ain't enlightened
Biting into a fucking Vicadin like I'm a viking
Oh! Lightning is striking, oh might be a fucking sign, not like I need a psychic
Evaluation fuck Jason it's Friday the 19th
That means it's just a regular day and this is the kind of shit I think of regularly
Fucking lesbian shouldn't have had her legs in the way
Now she's pregnant and gay, missing both legs and begging to stay.

[2x]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

Tell the critics I'm back and coming to spit it back in abundance
Hit a fag with onions and split a bag of fonions
Mad at me understandable, cannibal shoot an animal out of a cannon and have him catapult at an adult!
Captain of a cult, with an elite following to turn Halloween back into a trick or treat holiday
Have Micheal Myers looking like a liar, swipe his powers
Replace his knife with flowers and a stack of fliers
Hit Jason Vorhees with 40's
Stuck a suppository up his ass and made him tell me a story
Gave Hannibal Lecter a fucking nectarine sat him in a fucking fruit and vegetable section and gave him a lecture
Walked up Elm street with a fucking wiffle bat drew fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissor Hands too
Came out with a little scratch, ooh
Looking like I got in a fucking pillow fight with a triple fat goose
Insanity, can it be vanity, where is the humanity
And having a twisted fantasy with an arm and leg amputee
Straight jacket with a hundred eight brackets
With a strap that wraps twice around my back then they latch it
Cut your fucking head off and ask you where you're headed off to,
Get it? Headed off to (haha)
Medic this headache's awful
This anesthetic is pathetic so is this diabetic waffle
And this prosthetic arm keeps crushing my hard taco

[2x]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground

So, it wasn't a choice, it was I had to do this.
And now I'm 90 days clean and uh, that's all I have to share.
Thanks.

Thanks for sharing Brian, is there anyone else who would like to share this evening?

Yeah I got something I want to share.
When you walked through the door you were queer to me
So come here baby boy, just come here to me
You're a cock boy, everybody wants you
You're gayer than you would ever claim to
I won't have to rape you
So homie lay down down down, lay down down down, lay down down down, lay down lay down.

Where's everybody going? This always went over real big in gay a
OK wait, I got another one

I just love condoms and lots of cum, no? Oh, shit.

###"Big Weenie"###

I don't understand
Why are you being so mean?
You're a mean mean man

You are just jealous of me
'Cause you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say
All kinds of really mean things
About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie
But it's only 'cause you're
Just really jealous of me
'Cause I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
'Cause it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie, big weenie

Alright listen, I need you to focus
I need you to go dig deep in your mind, this is important
We are going to perform an experiment of the sorts
I'm going to have to ask you to bear with me for a moment
Now I need you to open your mind-your eyes close them
You are now about to be placed under my hypnosis
For the next four and a half minutes
We are going to explore into your mind
To find out why you're so fuckin' jealous
Now why did they make Yoo-Hoo?
Pippity ga-ga poo-poo
Psych, I'm kidding
I just wanted to see if you're still listenin'
OK, now I need your undivided attention
Sir I have a question
Why do I always sense this undeniable tension
From the moment that I enter into the room
It gets all quiet and whispers
Whenever there's conversation, why am I always mentioned?
I've been dying to ask, it's been itchin' at me
Is it just because

You are just jealous of me
'Cause you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say
All kinds of really mean things
About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie
But it's only 'cause you're
Just really jealous of me
'Cause I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
'Cause it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie, big weenie

Alright now I (shit) I just flubbed a line
I was going to say something extremely important
But I forgot who or what it was, I fucked up
Psych, I'm kidding again you idiot, no I didn't
That's just what you wanted to hear from me
Is that I fucked up ain't it?
But I can bust one take without lookin' at no paper
It doesn't take a bunch of takes
Or me to stand here in this booth all day
For me to say the truth, OK?
You're drooling, you have tooth decay
Your mouth is open, you're disgusting
What the fuck you eat for lunch
A bunch of sweets or something, what?
You munch a bunch of Crunch 'N Munch?
Your tooth is rotten to the gum
Your breath stinks, wanna chew some gum?
Yes I do sir, what am I on?
You sir are on truth serum
Marshall I'm so jealous of you
Please say you won't tell nobody
I'd be so embarrassed, I'm just absolutely terrified
That someone's gonna find out why I'm saying
All these terrible, evil and awful mean things
It's my own insecurities!

You are just jealous of me
'Cause you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say
All kinds of really mean things
About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie
But it's only 'cause you're
Just really jealous of me
'Cause I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
'Cause it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie, big weenie

Alright now we, we're going to conduct
That experiment that we were talking about earlier
Just to see what a frog looks like when it takes two hits of ecstasy
'Cause that's exactly what your eyes look like, want to check to see?
Here's a mirror, notice the resemblance here?
Wait, let me put these sun glasses on
Now look in this mirror, how about now?
What do you have in common?
You're both green with envy and look like idiots with sunglasses on 'em
You look like I sound like singing about weenies
Now take my weenie out of your mouth
This is between me and you, I know you're not happy
I know you'd much rather see me lying in the corner of a room somewhere crying
Curled up in a ball tweaked out of my mind dying
There is no denying that my weenie is much bigger than yours is
Mine is like sticking a banana between two oranges
Why you even doing this to yourself, it's pointless
Why do we have to keep on going through this, this is torturous
My point is this
That if you say mean things, your weenie will shrink
Now I forgot what the chorus is, you're just a

You are just jealous of me
'Cause you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say
All kinds of really mean things
About me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie
But it's only 'cause you're
Just really jealous of me
'Cause I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
'Cause it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie, big weenie

Fuck off my dick!

###"Soldier"###

I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier, I'm a soldier

Yo', never was a thug, just infatuated with guns
Never was a gangster, 'til I graduated to one
And got the rep of a villain
For weapon concealin'
Took the image of a thug, kept shit appealin'

Willin' to stick out my neck
For respect
If it meant life or death
Never live to regret what I said
When you're me
People just want to see
If it's true, if it's you, what you say in your raps, what you do
So they feel
it's part of your obligation to fulfill
When they see you on the streets, face to face, are you for real
In confrontation
Ain't no conversation
If you feel you're in violation
Any hesitation'll get you killed, if you feel it, kill it
If you conceal it, reveal it
Being reasonable will leave you full of bullets
Pull it, squeeze it, 'til it's empty
Tempt me, push me, pussies
I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze

I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble

I love pissin' you off
It gets me off
Like my lawyers, when the fuckin' judge lets me off
All you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off
I'll violate and all the motherfuckin' bets be off
I'm a lit fuse
Anything I do bitch, it's news
Pistol-whippin' motherfuckin' bouncer 6'2"
Who needs bullets
as soon as I pull it, you sweat bullets
An excellent method to get rid of the next bully
It's actually better 'cause instead of you murderin'
You can hurt 'em
And come back again and kick dirt at 'em
It's like pourin' salt in the wounds
Assault and get sued
You can smell the lawsuits soon as I waltz in the room
Everybody halts and stops, and calls the cops
All you see is bitches comin' out their halter tops
Runnin' and duckin' out the Hot Rocks parking lot
You'll all get shot whether it's your fault or not, 'cause

I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble

I spit it slow so these kids know that I'm talkin' to 'em
Give it back to these damn critics and sock it to 'em
I'm like a thug, with a little bit of Pac influence
I spew it, and look how I got you bitches rockin' to it
You motherfuckers could never do it like I could do it
Don't even try it, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it
Don't ever in your life, try to knock the truest
I spit the illest shit, ever been dropped in two-inch
So ticky-tock listen as the sound ticks on the clock
Listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on a cock
Listen to the sound of me spillin' my heart through this pen
Motherfuckers know that I'll never be Marshall again
Full of controversy
Until I retire my jersey
'Til the fire inside dies and expires at thirty
And Lord have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me
And put a curse on authorities in the face of adversity, I'm a

I'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
I'm a soldier
These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge
I'll never fall or fold up
I'm a soldier
Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble

Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, left
Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, left
Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, left
Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, left

###"I'm Back"###

[Chorus x4:]
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back)
I'm back (Slim Shady)

I murder a rhyme, one word at a time
You never heard of a mind as perverted as mine
You better get rid of that 9, it ain't gonna help
What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself?
I'm waitin' for Hell, like hell, shit, I'm anxious as hell
Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail
I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
Thirteen, I was puttin' shells in a gauge on a shelf
I used to get punked and bullied on my block
'Til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox
I used to give a fuck, now I could give a fuck less
What do I think of success? It sucks, too much press
I'm stressed, too much cess, depressed
Too upset, it's just too much mess
I guess I must just blew up quick (yes)
Grew up quick (no) was raised right
Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say's right
You think of my name now whenever you say hi
Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-
-T-E, 'cause MTV was so friendly to me
Can't wait 'til Kim sees me!
Now, is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect?
Read my lips, bitch! What, my mouth isn't workin'?
You hear this finger? Oh, it's upside down
Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now

[Chorus x4:]
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back) I'm back
(I'm back) I'm back
(Slim Shady)

I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it
Just to see if he's influenced by me, if he listens to music
And if he feeds into this shit, he's an innocent victim
And becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe
[Vocal scratches] My name is Slim Shady
I been crazy way before radio didn't play me
The sensational [vocal scratch "Back is the incredible!"]
With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible
It's Ken Kaniff on the Internet
Tryin' to lure your kids with him into bed
It's a sick world we live in these days
"Slim, for pete's sakes, put down Christopher Reeve's legs!"
Geez, you guys are so sensitive
"Slim, it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it"
Mind with no sense in it, fried schizophrenic
Whose eyes get so squinted
I'm blind from smoke in 'em, with my windows tinted
With nine limos rented, doin' lines of coke in 'em
With a bunch of guys hoppin' out, all high and indo scented
And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me

[Chorus x4:]
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back) I'm back
(I'm back) I'm back
(Slim Shady)

I take seven (kids) from (Columbine)
Stand 'em all in line, add an AK-47, a revolver, a 9
A MAC-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine
And that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time
'Cause (I'mmmm) Shady, they call me as crazy
As the world was over this whole Y2K thing
And by the way, N'Sync, why do they sing?
Am I the only one who realizes they stink?
Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think
Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings?
It's why I tend to block out when I hear things
'Cause all these fans screamin' is makin' my ears ring (AHH)
So I just throw up a middle finger and let it linger
Longer than the rumor that I was stickin' it to Christina
'Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz
It'd be Jennifer Lopez - and Puffy, you know this
I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck
If this chick was my own mother
I'd still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her
And have a son and a new brother at the same time
And just say that it ain't mine - what's my name?

[Chorus x4:]
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back) I'm back
(I'm back) I'm back
(Slim Shady)

[Vocal scratching]
Guess who's b-back, back
Gue-gue-guess who's back (Hi mom!)
[Scratch] Guess who's back
[Scratch] Gue [scratch] guess who's back
D-12 [scratch] Guess who's back
Gue, gue-gue-gue, guess who's back
Dr. Dre [scratch] Guess who's back
Back back [scratch] back
[Scratch]
Slim Shady, 2001
I'm blew out from this blunt (sighs) fuck

###"Asshole"###

[Verse 1:]
Came to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain
An asshole, that role think I succeeded fulfillin'
But don't think I ever stopped to think that I was speaking to children
Everything was happenin' so fast. It was like I blinked, sold 3 million
Then it all went blank, all I remember is feelin' ridiculous 'cause I was getting sick of this feelin'
Like I'm always under attack, man, I coulda stacked my shit list to the ceilin'
Women dishin' but really
Thinkin' if anyone ever talks to one of my little girls like this I would kill him
Guess I'm a little bit of a hypocrite when I'm rippin' shit. But since when did this many
People ever give a shit what I had to say? It's just my opinion
If it contradicts how I'm livin' put a dick in your rear-end
That's why every time you mention a lyric
I thanked you for it, for drawin' more attention toward it
'Cause it gave me an enormous platform, I'm flattered you thought I was that important
But you can't ignore the fact that I fought for the respect and battled for it
Mad awards, had GLAAD annoyed atta-boy
They told me to slow down, I'd just zone-out
Good luck tryin' to convince a blonde, it's like telling Gwen Stefani that she sold out
'Cause I was trying to leave No Doubt
In anyone's mind one day I'd go down in history think they know now
Because everybody knows

[Chorus - Skylar Grey:]
Everybody knows, that you're just an asshole
Everywhere that you go, people want to go home, everyone knows
Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice
There's no place you can hide, you are just an asshole
Everyone knows, everyone knows
Thanks for the support, asshole [2x]

[Verse 2:]
Quit actin' salty, I was countin' on you to count me out
Ask Asher Roth when he round about dissed me to shout me out
Thought I was history, well God damn honky that compliment's like back-handin' a donkey, good way to get your ass socked in the mouth
Nah, I'm off him, but what the fuck's all this trash talking about?
The fight was fixed, I'm back and you can't stop me you knocked me down
I went down for the count, I fell but the fans caught me and now
You're gonna have to beat the fuckin' pants off me to take my belt
Word to Pacquiao, mama said there ain't nothing else to talk about
Better go in that ring and knock 'em out, or you better not come out
It's poetry in motion like Freddie Roach when he's quotin'
Shake-speare, so what if insults are revoltin'
Even Helen Keller knows life stinks
You think it's a joke 'till your bullet riddled, but you should give little shit what I think
This whole world is a mess,
gotta have a goddamn vest
on your chest
and a Glock just to go watch Batman
Who needs to test a testicles? Not that man
Half you don't got the guts, intestinal blockage, rest of you got lap bands
Stuck to this motto 'fore they put bath salts in all those
Water bottles in Colorado, so get lost, Waldo my soul's escaping through this asshole that is gaping
A black hole and I'm swallowin' this track whole, better pack toilet paper
But I'm takin' no crap hoe, here I go down the Bat Pole and I'm changing back into that ole maniac in fact there they go, tryin' to dip out the back door retreating
'Cause everybody knows

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Holy mackerel. I'm the biggest jerk on the planet Earth. I smacked a girl
Off the mechanical bull at a tractor pull
For thinkin' we had some magnetic pull
Then screamed "ICP in this bitch! How do fuckin' magnets work?"
'Cause you're attractive but we ain't attractable,
hate to be dramatical but I'm not romantical
I'm makin' up words, so you can understandable
It's tragical, thinkin' some magical shit's gonna happen, that ain't practical
You crackin' a joke? It's laughable
'Cause me and love's like a bad combination I keep them feelings locked in a vault, so it's safe to say I'm uncrackable
My heart is truly guarded
Full body armor bitch, you just need a helmet 'cause if you think you special, you're retarded
Thinkin' you're one of a kind like you got some platinum vagina
You're a trainwreck, I got a one-track mind and, shorty, you're fine but you sorta remind me of a 49'er
'Cause you've been a gold digger since you was a miner
Been tryin' to hunt me down like a dog 'cause you're on my ass but you can't get a cent
'Cause all of my spare time's spent
On my nose in this binder, so don't bother tryin'
Only women that I love are my daughters, but sometimes I rhyme
And it sounds like I forget I'm a father and I push it farther, so, Father, forgive me if I forget to draw the line
It's apparent I shouldn't have been parent I'll never grow up, so to Hell with your parents and 'mother' fuck 'father' time
It ain't never gonna stop, a pessimist who transformed to an optimist in his prime
So even if I'm half-dead, I'm half alive
Poured my half-empty glass in a cup now my cup has runneth over
And I'm about to set it on you like a motherfucking coaster
I'm goin' back to what got me here, yeah cocky and
Can't knock bein' Rudolph, so fear not my deer
And dry up your tear drops I'm here
White America's mirror, so don't feel awkward or weird
If you stare at me and see yourself, 'cause you're one too, shouldn't be a shock be
'Cause everybody knows

[Chorus]

###"Brainless"###

Eminem Has a full line of chainsaws
Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem...
Marshall Mathers, Eminem, the rapper... Eminem
Who can say for sure?
Perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer
If science could operate on this distorted brain and put it to good use
Society would reap a great benefit

I walk around like a space cadet, place your bets
Who's likely to become a serial killer, case of Tourettes
Fuck fuck fuck can't take the stress
I make a mess, as the day progresses, angry and take it out on the neighbors hedges
Like this is how I'll cut your face up, bitches with these hedge trimmin' scissors with razor edges
Imagination's dangerous it's
The only way to escape this mess and make the best of this situation, I guess
'Cause I feel like a little bitch, this predicament's
Despicable I'm sick of just getting pushed it's ridiculous
I look like a freakin' wuss, a pussy this kid just took
My stick of licorice and threw my sticker books in a picker bush
I wanna kick his tush, but I was six and shook
This fucker was twelve and was six foot with a vicious hook
He hit me I fell, I got back up all I did was book, now there's using your head
Mama always said...

If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous
I'mma prove you wrong
Mama, I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus
I'mma be the bomb
I'mma use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaneness
Mama always said, "Son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless."

Fast forward some years later a teenager, this is fun, sweet
I just got jumped twice in one week, it's complete
It's usually once a month, this is some feat
I've accomplished they stomped me into the mud, gee for what reason? You stumped me
But how do you get the shit beat outta you, beat down and be upbeat, when you don't have nothing?
No valid shot at life, chance to make it or succeed
'Cause you're doomed from the start, it's like you grew up on Jump Street from jump street
But if I could just get my head out my ass
I could accomplish any task
Practicin' trash talkin'
In a trance locked in my room, yeah but I got some plans, mama
These damn rhymes are fallin' outta my pants pocket, I can't stop it
And I'm startin' to blend in more
In school this shit helps for sure, I'm gettin' more self-assured than I've ever been before
Plus no one picks on me anymore, I done put a stop to that, threw my first punch- end of story
Still in my skull's a vacant empty void been usin' it more as a bin for storage
Take some inventory
In this gourde there's a Ford engine, door hinge, syringe, an orange an extension cord and a ninja sword
Not to mention four linchpins, an astringent stored
Ironin' board a bench, a wrench, a ore, wench an attention whore
Everything but a brain, but dome's off the fuckin' chain like an independent store
Something's wrong with my head
Just think if I had a brain in it, thank God that I don't, 'cause I'd probably be Dahmer, 'cause mama always said...

If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous
I'mma prove you wrong
Mama, I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus
I'mma be the bomb
I'mma use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaneness
Mama always said, "Son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless."

Now my mom goes wahm-wahm-wahm
'Cause I'm not that smart, but I'm not dumb
I was on the bottom of the pile gettin' stomped
But somehow I came out on top
(Oh-oh-oo-oh)

I told you one day, I said they'd have that red carpet rolled out, yo
I'm nice ya'll, fuck it, I'm out cold
Now everywhere I go they scream out go, I'm bout to clean house, yo
I'm Lysol, now I'm just household
Out sold the sell-outs, freak the hell out Middle America, hear 'em yell out, in terror they were so scared and those kids
Just about, belted out whatever spouted or fell out my smart aleck mouth it was so weird
Inappropriate? So be it, I don't see it
Maybe one day when the smoke clears it won't be as
Motherfuckin', difficult yeah, 'til then hopefully ya
Little homos get over your fears and phobias
It's OK to be scared-straight they said I provoked queers
'Til emotions evoke tears, my whole career's
A stroke of sheer genius, smoke and mirrors tactical practical jokes, yeah
You motherfuckin' "insert insult here"
Who the fuck woulda thunk that one little ole' emcee'd
Be able to take the whole culture and re-upholstery it?
And boy, they did flock, can't believe this little hick locked
This hip-hop shit in his hip pocket and still the shit got
That white-trash traffic in gridlock shit hoppin' like six blocks
From a Kid Rock Insane Clown Posse concert in mid October
And God forbid I see the Wizard and get a brain in my titanium cranium, y'all cause
I'll turn into the Unabomber mama always said...

If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, a brain you'd be dangerous
I'mma prove you wrong
Mama, I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus
I'mma be the bomb
I'mma use my head as a weapon, find a way to escape this insaneness
Mama always said, "Son, if you had a brain you'd be dangerous, guess it pays to be brainless."

Insaneness ain't even a word you stupid fuck
Neither is ain't

###"Bitch Please II"###

[Dre]
Yeah whattup Detroit?
[Snoop]
Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh-no he didn't!
Ahhh! They didn't do it again,
what-what, what-what?
Did you shit on these niggaz two times Dr. Dre?
[Dre]
Oh fo' sho'!
[Snoop]
Uh-uh, naw, ya smell that?
This is special right here
What-what, what-what-what?
Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie baby
Uhh, to the boogie-oogie-oogie
Yeah, y'know! What's crackin Dre?

[Dr. Dre]
Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit
on Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit)
Throw on 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts
and watch mosh pits til motherfuckers knock each other unconcious
(Watch out now!) Some of these crowds that Slim draws
is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and fulla cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw +IS+ niggaz from Crenshaw
from Long Beach to South Central 
[*LOUD SCREAM*] Whoa, not these niggaz again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again
(Hehe) You and what army could harm me?
D-R-E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach
(East-syde!) Came a long way, to makin these songs play
It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long uz', and I carry it all day
(Blaow!) Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just bein Andre,
but I..

[Snoop Dogg]
somehow, someway - tell 'em, nigga
You know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg)
Now let me cut these niggaz up and show em where da fuck I'm comin from
I get the party crackin from the shit that I be spittin son
Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns, and I love all of 'em the same - bang bang!
Damn baby girl what's your name?
I forgot - what'd you say it was? Damn a nigga buzzed
Hangin in the club, with my nephew Eminem
(Whassup Slim?) Whattup cuz? (Whattup Snoop?)
The Great White American Hope, done hooked up
with the King of the motherfuckin West coast, bay-bayy!

[Chorus: Nate Dogg (+Snoop)]

And you don't really wanna fuck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
Fuck around and make me bust, this heat
[Snoop] That's, the devil, they always wanna dance

[Xzibit]
I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin you move
You're found dead in your garage, with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it, cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the bodybag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin with Puff
Bitch, please - you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees - c'mon

[Chorus 2X]

[Eminem - impersonating Snoop]
Awww naww, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up, in the, heezy BAY-BAY
He's Sha-day!

[Snoop]
He's so cra-zay!

[Eminem]
Hahaha! Gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White
pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal, makin a living
off of the world's misery - what in the world gives me the right
to say what I like, and walk around flippin the bird
Livin the urban life, like a white kid from the 'burbs
Dreamin at night of screamin at mom, schemin to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
that somewhere deep down, there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me
is cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me, dressin up like a nerd on TV
or heard the CD usin the fag word so freely
it's just me being me, here want me to tone it down?
[LOWER pitch] Suck my fuckin dick, you faggot
You happy now? Look here

[Eminem - impersonating Snoop]
I start some trouble everywhere that I go (that I go)
Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know (cause they know)
I start some shit they throw me out the back do' (the back do')
Come back and shoot the club up with a fo'-fo' (a fo'-fo')

[Chorus 2X]

[Xzibit]
2001 and forever
Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X to the Z, Nate Dogg
C'mon, yeah!!

###"So Much Better"###

You fucking groupie, pick up the goddamn phone.

Bitch, where the fuck were you Tuesday? With who you say?
I wasn't at the studio, bitch, what'cha do screw Dre?
You went there looking for me? Boo that excuse is too lame
Keep playin' me, you gon' end up with a huge goose egg
You fake lyin' slut you never told me you knew Drake
And Lupe? you wanna lose two legs?
You tryin' to flip this on me? If I spent more time with you, you say
OK, yeah and I'm coo-coo, ay?
Well screw you and I'll be the third person who screwed you today
Oh, fourth- Dre, Drake, Lupe oohm touche
Well you're too two-faced for me thought you was my number one true blue ace
But you ain't
And I can't see you when you make that wittle boo-boo face
'Cause I'm hangin' up this phone, boo you make my fuckin' blue tooth ache
You feelin' blue, too late
Go smurf yourself you make me wanna smurf and puke blue Kool Aid
Here's what you say to someone you hate

My life would be so much better, if you'd just drop dead
I was layin' in bed last night thinkin' and this thought just popped in my head
And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? I would feel so much better

Think I just relapsed, this bitch pushed me over the brink
Hop on the freeway, tryin' to get some time alone and just think
Till the cops pulled me over but they let me go 'cause I told 'em I'm only drivin' drunk 'cause that bitch drove me to drink
I'm back on my fuck hoe's, with a whole new hatred for blondes
But bias? I hate all bitches the same, baby come on
Excuse the pun but bitch is such a 'broad' statement and I'm
Channelin' my anger through every single station that's on
'Cause a woman broke my he-art I say he-art
'Cause she ripped it in two pa-arts and threw it in the garbage
Who you think you a-are bitch?
Guess it's time for me to get the dust off and pick myself up off the carpet
But I'll never say the L word again
I lo-lo-lo-lo lesbian
Aaahhh I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
My life'd be so much better if you just

My life would be so much better, if you'd just drop dead
I was layin' in bed last night thinkin' and this thought just popped in my head
And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? I would feel so much better

'Cause you told me you'd love me forever bitch that was a lie
Now I never wanted someone to die so bad in my fuckin' life
But fuck it there's other fish in the sea

And I'm a have a whale of a time being a single sailor
For the night, bitch on a scale a
One to ten shit I must be the holy grail of
Catches hoe I got an Oscar attached to my fuckin' name (dayla)
I might hit the club find a chick that's tailor
Made for me say fuck it kick some shots back git hammered and nail her
These bitches tryin' get attached but there failin' to latch onto the tail of
My bumper they're scratchin' at the back of my trailer
Like I'm itchin' to get hitched, yeah I'm rich as a bitch
But bitches ain't shit I'd rather leave a bitch in a ditch
Bitch you complain when you listen to this
But you still throw yourself at me that's what I call pitchin' a bitch
That's why I'm swingin' at these chicks on-site
Long as I got a bat and two balls it's 'foul' but my dicks on 'strike'
So all that love shit is null and void, bitch I'm a droid
I avoid Cupid stupid. Wasn't for blow jobs you'd be unemployed
Oye, yoy-yoy
Man oh, man your boy-boy-boy's
Gettin' sick of these girls-girls-girls, oink oink oink
You fuckin' pigs all you're good for is doink doink doink
I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one
She's all 99 of 'em, I need a machine gun
I'll take 'em all out, I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
Have a heart attack and just
Drop dead and I'm a throw a fuckin' party after this
'Cause, yes...

My life would be so much better, if you'd just drop dead
I was layin' in bed last night thinkin' and this thought just popped in my head
And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? I would feel so much better

I'm just playin' bitch, you know I love you

###"Hailie's Song"###

[Intro - Spoken:]
Yo, I can't sing but
I feel like singin'
I wanna fuckin' sing
'Cause I'm happy

Yeah, I'm happy
Ha Ha
I got my baby back
Yo, check it out

[Verse 1 - Sung:]
Some days I sit starin' out the window
Watchin' this world pass me by
Sometimes I think there's nothin' to live for
I almost break down and cry

Sometimes I think I'm crazy
I'm crazy, oh, so crazy
Why am I here, am I just wasting my time?

But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes

[Chorus:]
Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me

[Verse 2 - Sung:]
My baby girl [Hailie laughs] keeps gettin' older
I watch her grow up with pride
People make jokes 'cause they don't understand me
They just don't see my real side

I act like shit don't phase me,
Inside it drives me crazy
My insecurities could eat me alive

But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes, oh, no.

[Chorus:]
Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me

[Verse 3 - Rapped:]
Man, if I could sing, I'd keep singing this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes, I'd blow something as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her
God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't [*want her* backwards]
Now you probably get this picture from my public persona
That I'm a pistol-packing drug-addict who bags on his mama,
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest
'Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside o' my soul,
And just know that I grow colder the older I grow
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold
And this load is like the weight of the world
And I think my neck is breaking.
Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations?
Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself,
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell
But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt
So many chances, man, it's too bad, could've had someone else
But the years that I've wasted are nothing to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what I'm facin':
3 felonies, 6 years of probation
I've went to jail for this woman,
I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to people's backs, bent over backwards for this woman
Man, I should've seen it comin', what'd I stick my penis up in?
Would've ripped the pre-nup up if I'd seen what she was fuckin'
But fuck it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more
I got my baby, baby the only lady that I adore, Hailie
So sayonara, try tomorrow, nice to know ya
My baby's travelled back to the arms of her rightful owner
And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted
It's like the greatest gift you can get
The weight has been lifted

[Chorus:]
And now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier
Nothin' can take her from me

[Outro - Spoken:]
Woo!
I told you I can't sing
Oh well, I tried
Hailie, 'member when I said
If you ever need anything, daddy will be right there?
Guess what?
Daddy's here
And I ain't goin' nowhere baby
I love you! [*kiss*]

###"Mockingbird"###

Yeah
I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey, what daddy always tell you?
Straighten up little soldier
Stiffen up that upper lip
What you crying about?
You got me.

Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you want to cry
'Cause you're scared, I ain't there?
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
Lainie Uncle's crazy, ain't he?
Yeah, but he loves you girl and you better know it
We're all we got in this world
When it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls
Two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze
I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up as daddy, that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us
I don't see us ever being together ever again
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream

Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

(Ha)
It's funny
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
'Cause daddy felt like a bum, see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurts so bad it broke your mamma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
And flew you and momma out to see me
But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sitting in this empty house, just reminiscing
Lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too, daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah
It's got a ring to it don't it?
Shh, mama's only gone for the moment

Now hush little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright

And if you ask me to
Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'mma give you the world
I'mma buy a diamond ring for you
I'mma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'mma break that birdie's neck
I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat don't fuck with dad (ha ha)

###"Say Goodbye Hollywood"###

[Chorus]
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
{Hollywood}, sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
{Why do I feel this way}, sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood

[Verse 1]
I thought I had it all figured out, I did
I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim
But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once
I found myself layin' on my knees in cuffs
Which should've been a reason enough, for me to get my stuff and just leave
How come I couldn't see this shit myself, it's just me
Nobody couldn't see the shit I felt
Knowin' damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell, to catch me
The minute shit was heated she just bailed
i'm standin' here swingin' on like thirty people by myself
I couldn't even see the millimetere when it fell
Turned around saw Gary stashin' the heater in his belt
Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground
I just sold two million records, I don't need to go to jail
I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female
I need to slow down
Try to get my feet on solid ground, so for now i'm...

[CHORUS]

[Verse 2]
Bury my face in comic books, cause I don't want to look
At nothin', this world's too much
I've swallowed all I could
If I could swallow a bottle of tylenol I would, and end it for good
Just say goodbye to Hollywood
I probably should, these problems are piling all at once
Cause everything that bothers me, I got it bottled up
I think i'm bottomin' out
But i'm not about to give up, I gotta get up
Thank God, I got a little girl
And I'm a responsible father
So not a lot of good, i'd be to my daughter layin' in the bottom of the mud
Must be in my blood cause I don't know how I do it
All I know is I don't want to follow in the footsteps of my dad
Cause I hate him so bad
The worst fear that I had was growin' up to be like his fuckin' ass, man
If you could understand why I am the way that I am
What do I say to my fans, when I tell 'em i'm...

[CHORUS]

[Verse 3]
I don't wanna quit, but shit, I feel like this is it
For me to have this much appeal like this is sick
This is not a game, this fame, in real life this is sick
Publicity stunt my ass, conceal my fuckin' dick
Fuck the guns, i'm done, i'll never look at gats
If I scrap, i'll scrap like I ain't never whooped some ass
I love my fans
But no one ever puts a grasp on the fact i've sacrificed everything I have
I never dreamt i'd get to the level that i'm at, this is whack
This is more than I ever could of asked
everywhere I go, a hat, a sweater hood, or mask
What about math, how come I wasn't ever good at that
It's like the boy in the bubble, who never could adapt, i'm trapped
If I could go back, I never woulda rapped
I sold my soul to the devil, i'll never get it back
I just wanna leave this game with level head intact
Imagine goin' from bein' a no one to seein',
everything blow up and all you did was just grow
up emceeing
It's fuckin' crazy
Cause all I wanted was to give Hailie the life I never had
But instead I forced us to live alienated, so i'm sayin'...

[CHORUS]

[Outro]
Goodbye, goodbye Hollywood, {Goodbye},
please don't cry for me, when i'm gone for good,
{this shit is not for me},
so goodbye, goodbye Hollywood,
{i'm not a fuckin' star},
please don't cry for me, when I'm gone for good,
{i'm goin' back home}...

###"Role Model"###

Okay, I'm going to attempt to drown myself
You can try this at home
You can be just like me
Mic check one two, we recording?

I'm cancerous so when I diss you wouldn't want to answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I strangle you to death then I choke you again
And break your fucking legs
'Til your bones poke through your skin
You beef with me, I'mma even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally
I get too blunted off of funny home grown, ‘cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono (oh no!)
So if I said I never did drugs, that would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does
Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fucking tonsils out and fed her sherbet (bitch!)
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads (Fuck you!)
Every girl I ever went out with has gone les
Follow me and do exactly what the song says
Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people
And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill
Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?

Now follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I slap women and eat shrooms then O.D.
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me?

Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door, must have been Ron Gold
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed them both and smeared blood in a white Bronco
My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer
My rap style's warped
I'm running out the morgue with your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm about as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother, are you there? I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel
Will someone please explain to my brain that I just severed a main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain?
I take a breather and sigh, either I'm high or I'm nuts
Cause if you ain't tilting this room, neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass, then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
Cause when I drop this solo shit, it's over with
I bought Cage's tape, opened it and dubbed over it

I came to the club drunk with a fake ID
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I've been with 10 women who got HIV
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
You probably want to grow up to be just like me

###"Superman"###

[Girl's voice is Dina Rae]

You high, baby?
Yeah
Ya
Talk to me
You want me to tell you something?
Uh-huh
I know what you want to hear

'Cause I know you want me baby
I think I want you too
"I think I love you baby"
I think I love you too
I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby
You know I want you too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
"Ooh boy you drive me crazy"
Bitch you make me hurl

[Verse 1]
They call me Superman
Leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now
Got no ring on this finger now
I'd never let another chick bring me down
In a relationship
Save it bitch, babysit
You make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit
Girl you can jump on Shady's dick
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase
I tell a motherfuckin' slut to her face
Play no games, say no names
Ever since I broke up with what's-her-face
I'm a different man, kiss my ass
Kiss my lips, bitch why ask?
Kiss my dick, get my cash
I'd rather have you whip my ass
Don't put out, I'll put you out
Won't get out, I'll push you out
Puss blew out, poppin' shit
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out
Am I too nice?
Buy you ice
Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life
What you tryin' to be? My new wife?
What you Mariah, fly through twice

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho

'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

Don't get me wrong, I love these hoes
It's no secret, everybody knows
Yeah we fucked, bitch so what?
That's about as far as your buddy goes
We'll be friends, I'll call you again
I'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kinda car I'll be in
We'll see how much you'll be partying then
You don't want that, neither do I
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride between you and I
Not a jealous man, but females lie
But I guess that's just what sluts do
How could it ever be just us two
I'd never love you enough to trust you
We just met and I just fucked you

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho

[2x]
'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

'Cause I know you want me baby
I think I want you too
"I think I love you baby"
I think I love you too
I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby
You know I want you too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
"Ooh boy you drive me crazy"
Bitch you make me hurl

First thing you say
"I'm not fazed, I hang around big stars all day
I don't see what the big deal is anyway
You're just plain old Marshall to me"
Ooh ya' girl run that game
"Hailie Jade, I love that name
Love that tattoo, what's that say?"
"Rot in pieces, uh, that's great"
First off you don't know Marshall
At all so don't grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal
I'll slap you off that bar stool
There goes another lawsuit
Leave hand prints all across you
Good Lordy whoadie
You must be gone off that water bottle
You want what you can't have
Ooh girl that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab
End up with two backhands
Put anthrax on a Tampax, and slap you 'til you can't stand
Girl you just blew your chance
Don't mean to ruin your plans

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho

[2x]
'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

'Cause I know you want me baby
I think I want you too
"I think I love you baby"
I think I love you too
I'm here to save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together
Let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby
You know I want you too
They call me Superman
I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you girl
Come be in Shady's world
"Ooh boy you drive me crazy"
Bitch you make me hurl

[2x]
'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

###"We Made You"###

Guess who? Did you miss me?
Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus!

When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!)
You're a rock star (Baby!)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player!
Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you!

Back by popular demand
Now pop a little Zantac for antacid if you can
You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand
How does it feel: Is it fantastic, is it grand?
Well look at all the massive masses in the stands
Shady man, no, don't massacre the fans
Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man
She stomped him, just 'cause he asked to put his hands
On her massive gluteus maximus again
Squeeze it then squash it then pass it to a friend
Can he come back as nasty as he can?
Yes he can, can, don't ask me this again
He does not mean to lesbian offend
But Lindsay, please come back to seein' men
Samantha's a two, you're practically a ten
I know you want me girl, in fact I see ya grin
Now come in girl!

When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!)
You're a rock star (Baby!)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player!
Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you!

The enforcer, look at the more women to torture
Walk up to the cutest girl and charlie-horse her
Sorry Portia, but what's Ellen DeGeneres
Have that I don't? Are you tellin' me tenderness?
Well I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenadrine
And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then
Nail her, "Baby, say hello to my little friend"
Brit, forget K-Fed, let's cut out the middleman
Forget him or you're gonna end up in the hospital again
And this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge
Forget them other men, girl pay them little attention
And little did I mention that Jennifer's in love with me John Mayer, so sit on the bench
Man, I swear them other guys you give 'em an inch
They take a mile, they got style, but it isn't Slim's

When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!)
You're a rock star (Baby!)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player!
Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you!

And that's why, my love, you never live without
I know you want me girl
'Cause I can see you're checkin' me out
And baby, you know, you know you want me too
Don't try to deny it, baby, I'm the only one for you

Damn girl, I'm beginning to sprout an Alfalfa
Why should I wash my filthy mouth out?
You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album
Never has there been such finesse and nostalgia
Man Cash, I don't mean to mess with ya gal but
Jessica Alba, put a breast on my mouth, bruh
Wowzers! I just made a mess in my trousers
And they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis
Lord help us, he's back in his pink Alf shirt
Lookin' like someone shrinked his outfit
I think he's 'bout to flip, Jessica
Rest assured, Superman's here to rescue ya
Can you blame me? You're my Amy, I'm your Blake
Matter fact, bake me a birthday cake
With a sawblade in it to make my jailbreak
Baby, I think you just met your soulmate
Now break it down, girl!

When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!)
You're the one they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!)
You're a rock star (Baby!)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player!
Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you!

So baby, baby
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, get down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, get down

Oh Amy!
Rehab never looked so good!
I can't wait!
I'm going back!
Ha ha! Woo!
Dr. Dre
2020

###"Stan"###

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
[2x]

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Slim, I wrote you but you still ain't calling
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man, how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant, too, I'm bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'mma call her?
I'mma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie, too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus, too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back,
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan
This is Stan

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you,
For four hours and you just said, "No."
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fucking idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
You would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither;
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real, and I respect you 'cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan
P.S.
We should be together, too

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem as Stan:]
Dear Mister I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans,
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word. I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters;
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins "In the Air Tonight"
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late. I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I love you, Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See, Slim,—shut up bitch! I'm trying to talk!
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk,
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up. See, I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die, too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how'm I supposed to send this shit out?
[*car tires squeal, crash, loud splash*]

[Dido:]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Eminem:]
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I've just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother,
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists, too?
I say that shit just clowning dogg,
C'mon! How fucked up is you?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counseling
To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doing just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but, Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was... it was you
Damn!

###"Still Don't Give a Fuck"###

[Eminem]
A lot of people ask me.. am I afraid of death..
Hell yeah I'm afraid of death
I don't want to die yet
A lot of people think.. that I worship the devil..
that I do all types of.. retarded shit
Look, I can't change the way I think
And I can't change the way I am
But if I offended you? Good
Cause I still don't give a fuck

I'm zonin off of one joint, stoppin a limo
Hopped in the window, shoppin a demo at gunpoint
A lyricist without a clue, what year is this?
Fuck a needle, here's a sword, bodypierce with this
Livin amuk, never givin a fuck
Gimme the keys I'm drunk, and I've never driven a truck
But I smoke dope in a cab
I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab
Come back the next week and re-open your scab (YEAH!)
A killer instinct runs in the blood
Emptyin full clips and buryin guns in the mud
I've calmed down now -- I was heavy once into drugs
I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz
My brain's gone, my soul's worn and my spirit is torn
The rest of my body's still bein operated on
I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin this rhyme
Cause I'm probably gonna get struck with lightnin this time

[Chorus:]

For all the weed that I've smoked - yo this blunt's for you
To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too!
To all the friends I used to have - yo I miss my past
But the rest of you assholes can KISS MY ASS
For all the drugs that I've done - yo I'm still gon' do
To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too!
For everytime I reminisce - yo I miss my past
But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can KISS MY ASS

[Eminem]
I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you
And cut you so fast when your blood spilled it was still blue
I'll hang you til you dangle and chain you with both ankles
And pull you apart from both angles
I wanna crush your skull til your brains leaks out of your veins
And bust open like broken water mains
So tell Saddam not to bother with makin another bomb 
Cause I'm crushin the whole world in my palm
Got your girl on my arm and I'm armed with a firearm
So big my entire arm is a giant firebomb
Buy your mom a shirt with a Slim Shady iron-on
And the pants to match ("Here momma try em on")
I get imaginative with a mouth full of adjectives,
a brain full of adverbs, and a box full of laxatives
(Shittin on rappers) Causin hospital accidents
God help me before I commit some irresponsible acts again 

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it
Spend a million a track and went over my budget (Ohh shit!)
Now how in the fuck am I supposed to get out of debt?
I can't rap anymore - I just murdered the alphabet
Drug sickness got me doin some bugged twitches
I'm withdrawn from crack so bad my blood itches
I don't rap to get the women - fuck bitches 
Give me a fat slut that cooks and does dishes
Never ran with a click - I'm a posse
Kamikaze, strappin a motherfuckin bomb across me
From the second I was born, my momma lost me 
I'm a cross between Manson, Esham and Ozzy
I don't know why the fuck I'm here in the first place 
My worst day on this earth was my first birthday
Retarded? What did that nurse say? Brain damage?
Fuck, I was born during the earthquake

[Chorus]

###"Love Game"###

[Eminem:]
Something's burnin' I can't figure out what
(Out what) it's either lust, or a cloud of dust, judgment is clouded must
Just be the powder from the power of
(Love) but I'm in somethin' I don't know how to get outta
Left my girl in the house alone, is that my soon-to-be-spouse's moan and the further I walk the louder
Pause for a minute to make certain that's what I heard, 'cause after all this is her place
So I give her the benefit of the doubt I
Think I might be about to busta, bust her, the thought's scary yo, though and it hurts-brace
Hope it ain't "here we go, yo" 'cause my head already goes to worst-case scenario, though in the first place
But you confirmed my low end theory though, should've known when I made it all the way to third base
And that was only the first date, could've made it to home plate
But you slid straight for the dome and dove face
First "No [slurp], you don't [slurp] under—[slurp]—stand [slurp]. I [slurp] don't [hic] do [slurp] this for anyone ever."
Yeah, that ain't what they all say
I'll say, you can suck a softball through a straw
Used to be my fiancée, 'til you sucked on Wayne, André and Kanye,
LeBron, Akon, Jay, Lil' Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e, Polow Tha Don, Dre
Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwame
Guess I'm gettin' my g-God dang Jigga on, eh?
'Cause your name I'm beyond sayin'
But fuck it I'm movin' on, you women are all cray
But I'll probably always keep on playin'
The game of love, love, love, love, la-la-la-la-la love

She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more
She hates my company, guess she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me, like she never did before
And I told her: go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna do, I don't care
And I told her: go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna do, I don't care
I told that bitch

[Kendrick:]
I'm a sucker for love, you're a sucker for dick
Suckin' dick in your mama tub, then your granny walked in
Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water he drowned, like an abortion, they booked you for manslaughter
You beat the case and I called ya'
"Sherane is not available now leave a message at the tone
And, Kendrick, don't forget to buy two pair of those
Expensive heels ya little fuckin' Ferris Wheel
Fuckin' spinnin' on me. Fuck ya think? We're gonna get married still?
Fucking Mary had a little lamb this ain't no fairy tale
Fairy God mama better tell you how I fuckin' feel
Like you should fuckin' beat it or fuckin' eat it while I'm on my period
Now have a blessed day..." Bitch, you serious?
I'm in the mirror with this look on my face, curious
Why you ain't fuckin' with me, you cut me deep as a Caesarean
You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, I'm delirious
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman
After the Dillinger hit him diligently and killin' 'im
His mouth piece for a Cadillac emblem
That's analogy and metaphor for you
I should win a medal for all the ways I adore you
This is me talkin' cordial, yeah I got some home trainin'
That ain't what you like, ain't it? What about if I was as famous
As Marshall, would you give fellatio in the carpool?
Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle
Singing, "I hope she's good enough
Meanwhile you're chasing her."
Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her, pity the fool and pity the fool in me I'mma live with the
Game of love, love, love, love, la-la-la-la-la love

She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more
She hates my company, guess she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me, like she never did before
And I told her: go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna do, I don't care
And I told her: go where you wanna go, go do what 'cha wanna do, I don't care
I told that bitch

[Eminem:]
So needless to say, I'm feelin' betrayed, snatch my house key off her key chain
She jumps off 'Wee-Bey' from the Wire's dick now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater
Here goes that broken record cliché, it's all my fault anyway she's turnin' the tables, I'm a beat-break
She treats my face like Serato, she cuts and scratches like a DJ, each day is an Instant Replay
They say what we display, is symptomatic of attack behave
Ior, back together, but forgot today was her B-Day
She cut me off on the freeway
Simple misunderstandin' but just as I went to slam on the brakes, that's when I realized that she may be crazy as me, wait
Bitch cut my fuckin' brake line, stepped on them fuckers eight times, still goin' 73 thank
God there's an exit comin' up, what the mother F-U-C-K's
Wrong with her, hit the off-ramp, 'til I coasted to a goddamn halt, hit a fucking tree now here she comes at full speed she's racing at me, OK, you wanna fuck with me 'eh?
Snatch that bitch out her car through the window she's screamin' I body slam her on the cement until the concrete gave
And created a sink hole, buried the stink hoe in it, then paid to have the street repaved (the fuck?)
Woke up in a dream state
In a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray, durin' a heat wave
Guess I eventually caved though, 'cause she's layin' next to me in bed
Directly aimin' a gat at my head
Woke up again and jumped up like fuck it, I've had it I'm checkin' into rehab
I confess I'm a static addict I guess
That's why I'm so clingy every girl I've ever had either says
I got too much baggage or I'm too fuckin' dramatic, man what the fuck is the matter? I'm just
A fuckin' romantic, I fuckin' love you, you fuckin' bitch! Combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex
I actually set off a chain reaction of tragic events
I said, "Hit the road," and after she left I sent that bitch a text
I said, "Be careful driving. Don't read this and have an accident!" She glanced to look at it and wrecked
Too bad, thought we had a connect- no sense dwelling makes
Never been a more compelling case, than the model covered in L'Oreal and Mace
Who fell from grace eleven stories, for story telling, while the whore was yelling rape
'Til her vocal chords were swelling and her voice was more horser than Tori Spellings' face
Still they swarm the gates
Of my fancy estates to greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace
'Less you're Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date
Don't be late, well, the sentiment's great
But wait, think there's been a mistake
You wanted an intimate date, I wanna intimidate
I have infinite hate in my blood
It's mainly 'cause of the game of
[Phone ring] wait, "Dinner at eight?"
I have infinite hate in my blood
It's mainly 'cause of the game of love

Love, love, love
La-la-la-la-la love

###"The Monster"###

[Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

[Eminem:]
I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek
Oh, well, guess beggars can't be choosey
Wanted to receive attention for my music
Wanted to be left alone in public. Excuse me
For wanting my cake and eat it too, and wanting it both ways
Fame made me a balloon 'cause my ego inflated
When I blew; see, but it was confusing
'Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf
Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam (wooh!)
Hit the lottery, oh wee
But with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet
It was like winning a used mink
Ironic 'cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink
I'm beginning to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep
Going cuckoo and cooky as Kool Keith
But I'm actually weirder than you think
'Cause I'm

[Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing

[Eminem:]
Now, I ain't much of a poet but I know somebody once told me
To seize the moment and don't squander it
'Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow
So I keep conjuring, sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from
(Yeah, pondering'll do you wonders.
No wonder you're losing your mind the way it wanders.)
Yoda-loda-le-hee-hoo
I think it went wandering off down yonder
And stumbled on 'ta Jeff VanVonderen
'Cause I need an interventionist
To intervene between me and this monster
And save me from myself and all this conflict
'Cause the very thing that I love's killing me and I can't conquer it
My OCD's conking me in the head
Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking
I'm just relaying what the voice in my head's saying
Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the

[Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing

[Eminem:]
Call me crazy but I have this vision
One day that I'd walk amongst you a regular civilian
But until then drums get killed and I'm coming straight at
MCs, blood get spilled and I'll
Take you back to the days that I'd get on a Dre track
Give every kid who got played that
Pumped up feeling and shit to say back
To the kids who played him
I ain't here to save the fucking children
But if one kid out of a hundred million
Who are going through a struggle feels it and then relates that's great
It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back
In the draft, turn nothing into something, still can make that
Straw into gold chump, I will spin Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack
Maybe I need a straightjacket, face facts
I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that
It's nothing, I'm still friends with the

[Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

[Rihanna:]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me, stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

Well, that's nothing
Well, that's nothing

###"Yellow Brick Road"###

What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough. If you will to be
Saved, not in a religious sense but not to constitute what this country at times calls their throwaway children. We seem to be approaching an age of the gross. We all have this idea that we should
Move up a little bit from our parents station and each generation should do a little bit better

All right, come on, let's cut the bullshit enough
Let's get it started, let's start addressing this issue and open it up
Let's take this shit back to the basement
And we can discuss statements that's made on this tape
And its whole origin of the music that we all know and love
The music we all enjoy
The music you accuse me of tryna destroy
Let's rewind it to '89 when I was a boy on the east side of Detroit
Crossing 8 Mile into Warren, into hick territory
I'd like to share a story, this is my story and can't nobody tell it for me
You have well informed me, I am well aware that I don't belong here
You've made that perfectly clear, I get my ass kicked damn near everywhere
From Bel-Air shopping center just for stopping in there
From the black side all the way to the white side
OK there's a bright side a day that I might slide
You may call it a pass I call it hauling my ass
Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks
Oh them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks
Them good old notorious so well-known tracks

So let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

Come on let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

I'd roam the streets so much they'd call me a drifter
Sometimes I'd stick up a thumb just to hitchhike
Just to get picked up to get me a lift to 8 Mile and Van Dyke
And steal a god damn bike from somebody's backyard
And drop it off at the park that was the half-way mark
To meet Kim had to walk back to her mama's on Chalmers after dark
To sneak me in the house when I'm kicked out my mom's
That's about the time I first met Proof with Goofy Gary on the steps
At Osbourne handing out some flyers, he was doing some talent shows
At Center Line High, I had told him to stop by and check this out sometime
He looked at me like I'm out my mind shook his head like, "White boys don't know how to rhyme."
I spit out a line and rhymed "birthday" with "first place"
And we both had the same rhymes that sound alike
We was on the same shit that Big Daddy Kane shit where compound syllables sound combined
From that day we was down to ride somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line

So let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

Come on let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

My first year in 9th grade, can't forget that day at school
It was cool 'til your man MC Shan came through
And said that Puma's The Brand 'cause the Klan makes Troops
It was rumors but man, god damn, they flew
Must've been true because man we done banned they shoes
I had the new ones the Cool J, Ice Lamb suede too
But we just threw 'em in the trash like they yesterday's news
Guess who came through next, X-Clan debut
Professor X vanglorious exists in a state of red, black, and green
With a key sissies now with this being a new trend
We don't fit in crackers is out with Cactus albums
Blackness is in, African symbols and medallions
Represents Black Power and we ain't know what it meant
Me and my man Howard and Butta would go to the mall with 'em
All over our necks like we're showing 'em off not knowing at all
We was being laughed at "You ain't even half black."
You ain't supposed to have that homie let me grab that
And that Flavor Flav clock we gon' have to snatch that
All I remember is meeting back at Manix's basement
Saying how we hate this, how racist but dope the X Clan's tape is
Which reminds me back in '89 me and Kim broke up for the first time
She was tryna two-time me and there was this black girl
At our school who thought I was cool 'cause I rapped so she was kinda eyeing me
And oh the irony guess what her name was ain't even gonna say it plus
The same color hair as hers was and blue contacts and a pair of jugs
The bombest god damn girl in our whole school if I could pull her
Not only would I become more popular but I would be able to piss Kim off at the same time
But it backfired I was supposed to dump her but she dumped me for this black guy
And that's the last I ever seen or heard or spoke to the "Oh Foolish Pride" girl
But I've heard people say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad
But it was I singled out a whole race and for that I apologize
I was wrong 'cause no matter what color a girl is she's still a hoe

So let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

Come on let's go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

###"Criminal"###

A lot of people ask me stupid fucking questions.
A lot of people think that what I say on a record or what I talk about on a record, that I actually do in real life or that I believe in it.
Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody that I'm actually gonna do it or that I believe in it.
Well, shit, if you believe that then I'll kill you.
You know why?
'Cause I'm a criminal

Criminal
You're goddamn right
I'm a criminal
Yeah, I'm a criminal

My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
That'll stab you in the head
Whether you're a fag or lez
Or a homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest
Pants or dress
Hate fags? The answer's "yes"

Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic
Staring at my jeans, watching my genitals bulging
That's my motherfucking balls,
You'd better let go of 'em
They belong in my scrotum,
You'll never get hold of 'em

"Hey, it's me, Versace
Whoops, somebody shot me!
And I was just checking the mail."
Get it? Checking the 'male'?

How many records you expecting to sell
After your second LP sends you directly to jail?
C'mon! Relax guy, I like gay men
Right, Ken? Give me an "amen". A-men!

Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus
Heal this child, help us destroy these demons
Oh, and please send me a brand new car
And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital

Preacher preacher, fifth grade teacher
You can't reach me, my mom can't neither
You can't teach me a goddamn thing
'Cause I watch TV, and Comcast cable
And you ain't able to stop these thoughts
You can't stop me from topping these charts
And you can't stop me from dropping each March
With a brand new CD for these fucking retards
And to think, it's just little ol' me
Mr. Don't-Give-A-Fuck still won't leave

[2x]
I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme,
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word,
I just flip 'em the bird
And keep going, I don't take shit from no one

My mother did drugs, hard liquor, cigarettes, and speed
The baby came out disfigured, ligaments indeed
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
Don't dare make fun of that baby 'cause that baby was me

I'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed
But how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you weren't raised?
So as I got older and I got a lot taller
My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger

I drink more liquor
To fuck you up quicker
Than you'd wanna fuck me up for saying the word ...
My morals went ... when the president got oral
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk
Off of his own employee

Now don't ignore me,
You won't avoid me
You can't miss me, I'm white, blonde-haired
And my nose is pointy
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
In plane crashes and laughs
As long as it ain't happened to him

Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Eminem and Kim combined
"The Maniac's in" in place of the doctor
'Cause Dre couldn't make it today
He's a little under the weather,
So I'm taking his place

Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face
Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
I told you Dre, you should've kept that thang put away
I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh?
I'm a criminal

Aight look (uh huh) just go up in that motherfucker
Get the motherfucking money and get the fuck up outta there
Aight
I'll be right here waiting on you
Aight
Yo Em
What?!
Don't kill nobody this time
Awwright. Goddamn, this motherfucker gets on my fucking nerves
Aha?
How you doin'?
Hi, how can I help you?
Yeah I need to make a withdrawal
Okay
Put the fucking money in the bag bitch and I won't kill you!
What? Oh my God, don't kill me
I'm not gonna kill you bitch, quit looking around.
Don't kill me, I've got two kids at home don't kill me, don't kill me
I said I'm not gonna fucking kill you
Hurry the fuck up! Thank you!
Go, go, go!

Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it
So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
So I'll be disguised in it
And if anybody identifies the guy in it
I'll hide for five minutes

Come back, shoot the eyewitness
Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
Die, bitches, bastards, brats, pets
This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet

If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts
Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck
You motherfucking chickens ain't brave enough
To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut

Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up
To make you mad so kiss my white naked ass
And if it's not a rapper that I make it as
I'mma be a fucking rapist in a Jason mask

[4x]
I'm a criminal
'Cause every time I write a rhyme,
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal
But I don't gotta say a word,
I just flip 'em the bird
And keep going, I don't take shit from no one

###"Remember Me?"###

[Spray can being shook up and sprayed several times]

[RBX:]
Remember me? ("Step in, execution")
Remember me? ("I have no remorse")
Remember me? ("I'm 'High Powered'")
Remember me? ("I drop bombs like Hiroshima")

For this one it's the X, you retarded?
Cause I grab the mic and get DOWN, like Syndrome
Hide and roam into the masses, without boundaries
Which qualifies me for the term "universal"
Without no rehearsal, I leak words that's controversial
Like I'm not, the one you wanna contest, see
Cause I'll hit yo' ass like the train did that bitch
That got "Banned From TV" - heavyweight hitter
Hit you watch your whole head split up
Loco-is-the-motion, we comin through
Hollow tips is the lead, the .45 threw

[Sticky Fingaz:]
Remember me? ("Throw ya gunz in the air!")
Remember me? ("Slam! Slam!")
Remember me? ("Nigga 'Bacdafucup'")
Remember me? ("Chka-chka-Onyx!")

Niggaz that take no for an answer, get told no
Yeah I been told no but it was more like, "No, no, no!!!"
Life a bitch that'll fuck you if you let her
Better come better than better to be a competitor
This vet is ahead of
The shit is all redder, you deader and deader
A medic instead-a the cheddars and credda
Settle vendetta one metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto
Evidence? NOPE! Never leave a shred-of
I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me
My moms got raped by the industry and made me
I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you
I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total
Want beef, nigga? PBBT! You better dead that shit
My name should be "Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit"
Probably sayin, "He ain't a killer", but I'm killin myself
Smoke death, fuck bitches raw, on the kitchen floor
So think what I'ma do to you, have done to you
Got niggaz in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two
What you wanna do, cocksuckers? We glock busters
'Til the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters
'Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us
I'm gettin wires niggaz wantin me dead, wantin my head
You think it could be somethin I said? {*echoes*}

[Eminem:]
Remember me? ("I just don't give a fuck!")
Remember me? ("Yeah, fuck you too!")
Remember me? ("I'm low down and I'm shifty!")
Remember me? ("I'm Shady!")

When I go out, I'ma go out shootin
I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid
I'm tryin to clear up my fuckin' image
So I promised the fuckin critics
I wouldn't say "fuckin" for six minutes
(*click* Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde
So I made me a song, killed her and put Hailie on
I may be wrong, I keep thinkin these crazy thoughts
In my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom
("Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on?")
Came home, and somebody musta broke in the back window
And stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats
Sick sick dreams of picnic scenes, two kids, sixteen
With M-16's and ten clips each
And them shits reach through six kids each
And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets?
FUCK THAT! PBBT! You faggots can vanish to volcanic ash
And re-appear in hell with a can of gas, AND a match
Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at
(What the fuck you starin at, nigga?)

Don't you remember me?!
Remember me?!!
Remember me??!
REMEMBER ME!!!!

###"Almost Famous"###

I can almost taste it
This shit makes no sense to me
What does it all mean?
I can almost taste it
I can almost see it
This shit makes no sense to me
What does it all mean?
I can almost taste it

Yeah, can't stop now.
(I can almost taste it.)
This may be the last chance I get to be famous.
(I just wanna be famous).

You dream of trading places,
I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes,
There is too much to lose.
Wake up behind these trenches,
You run around defenseless.
There is too much to lose,
You cannot fill these shoes
I just wanna be famous,
But be careful what you wish for

I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist
They call me Slim Roethlisberger
I go berserker than a fed-up post-office worker
I murk her with a Mossberg
I'm pissed off, get murdered
Like someone took a ketchup squirter
Squirted a frankfurter
For a gangster you sure did shit your pants
When you saw the chainsaw get to waving
Like a terrible towel
How thangs turn around
When his fangs come out
Get your brains blown out
That's what I call blowing your mind
When I cum back
Like nut on your spine
I'm the thumb tack
That you slept on, son
Now here I come screaming "Attack!"
Like I just stepped on one
Low on the totem 'til he showed 'em
Defiance, giant scrotum
He don't owe them bitches shit
His britches, he out growed 'em
He's so out cold he's knocked out at the South Pole
And nobody fucks with him
Rigor mortis and post mortem
He's dying of boredom
Take your best rhymes, record 'em
To try to thwart him
He'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em
Shit-stained drawers
You gon' fuck with a guy who licks the blades of his chainsaws
While he dips 'em in PF Chang's sauce
Game's up, homie, hang it up like some crank calls
You think I'm backing down?
You must be out of your dang skulls
I'm almost famous

You dream of trading places,
I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes,
There is too much to lose.
Wake up behind these trenches,
You run around defenseless.
There is too much to lose,
You cannot fill these shoes
I just wanna be famous,
But be careful what you wish for

I'm back for revenge
I lost a battle that ain't happening again
I'm at your throat like strep
I step, strapped with a pen
Metaphors wrote on my hand,
Some are just stored in my memory
Some I wrote on a napkin
I do what I have to to win
Pullin' out all stops, any who touch a mic prior's
Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Myers
And tell that psycho to pass the torch
To the whacko 'fore I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern
And smash it on his porch
Now get off my dick
"Dick"'s too short of a word for my dick
Get off my antidisestablishmentarianism, you prick
Don't call me the champ; call me the space shuttle destroyer
I just blew up the Challenger, matter fact I need a lawyer
I just laced my gloves with enough plaster
To make a cast, beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like Verne Troyer
Ya'll are Eminem backwards, you're Meni Mes
See he's in a whole 'nother weight class
He slugs, you're BBs, you're bean-bag bullets
You're full of it; you were dissin' his CDs
Laughed at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his Wheaties
No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast
His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D. R. E.
He's almost famous

You dream of trading places,
I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes,
There is too much to lose.
Wake up behind these trenches,
You run around defenseless.
There is too much to lose,
You cannot fill these shoes
I just wanna be famous,
But be careful what you wish for

Now there he goes in Dre's studio cuppin' his balls
Screaming the wood off the panelling
And cussing the paint off the walls
Spewing his hate to these haters, showing no love for these broads
He ain't given 'em shit, he says he'll pinch a penny so hard
He'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark you can see the mark
When it scars, 'til Abraham Lincoln is screaming out, "Awww!"
His metaphors and similes ain't similar to them, not at all
If they don't like it, they can all get fucked instead of sucking him off
They can go get a belt or a neck tie, to hang themselves by
Like David Carradine they can go fuck themselves and just die
And eat shit while they at it
He's fucking had it, he's mad at the whole world
So go to hell and build a snowman, girl
The bullies become bullied, and pussies get pushed
Then they better pull me, take me back to 9th grade to school me
'Cause I ain't looking back, only forward, this whole spot blowing
Who could have known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it?
And while I'm being poetic let me get historic and raise the bar
Higher than my opinion of these women's been lowered
So bear witness to some biblical shit
As a cold wind blowing
This world ain't gonna know what hit it
He did it, he made it, he's finally famous

###"You're Never Over"###

The days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long, I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (thinking about you)
You may be gone but you're never over

If Proof could see me now I know he'd be proud
Somewhere in me deep down there's something in me he found
That made him believe in me, now no one can beat me now
You try it'll be them doors on Dre's Phantom, believe me clowns
That means "suicide" homie, you'll never throw me
Off of this course, blow me
Bitch, I do this all for the sport only
But I want it all
I'm not just talking awards, homie
And the balls in my court and it's lonely
On top of the world when you're the only
One with the balls in your shorts
To leave their jaws on the floors with no remorse
Remember that when they get to dogging you boy, homie
So ya'll can just get to blogging about bologna,
I'm not gonna stop, the saga continues
No stopping the force, Obi
I'm mopping the floors with 'em
I keep trying to pass it
But they keep on dropping the torch
And it won't be long 'til this sport is O-V-E-R
Just Blaze and me we are knocking on doors
And no, we ain't pumpkins on Halloween
But we'll show up on your porch,
So be careful what you say
There ain't no punks over here, so follow me
Through the fog like I'm S-N double O-P
Let me guide you through the smoke G
If only I wasn't travelling down this road by my lonely
No one who knew me like you will ever know me
I don't think you understand how much you meant to me

The days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (thinking about you)
You may be gone but you're never over

And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And I miss you oh
I just miss you oh
I just miss you oh
And homie I'll never forget you, no

For you I wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life
So sick it'll blow up the mic, it'll put the dyna in mite
Yeah it'll make the dopest MC wanna jump off a bridge and shit himself
Tap-dancing all over the beat, it'll jump off the page and spit itself
Guess that the best thing I could do right now, Doody, for you is to rap
So I'm gonna fuck 'til I die, yeah, I'mma do it to death
And instead of mourning your death I'd rather celebrate your life
Elevate to new height
Step on the gas and accelerate, I'mma need 2 mics
'Cause the way that I'm feeling tonight, everything I can just do right
There's nothing that I can do wrong, I'm too strong and I'm just too hyped
Just finish the rhyme and bust it, excuse the corny metaphor
But they'll never catch up to all this energy that I've mustered
So God just help me out while I fight through this grieving process
Trying to process this loss is making me nauseous
But this depression ain't taking me hostage
I've been patiently watching, this game pacing these hallways
You had faith in me always
Proof, you knew I'd come out of this slump rise from these ashes
Come right back on they asses and go Mike Tyson on these bastards
And I'mma show 'em, blow 'em out the water, slaughter 'em, homes
I'mma own so many belts the only place they can hit me is below 'em
Homie, I know I'm never gonna be the same without you
I never would've came in this game I'm going insane without you
Matter of fact it was just the other night
Had another dream about you
You told me to get up, I got up, I spread my wings and I flew
You gave me a reason to fight, I was on my way to see you
You told me, "Nah, Doody, you're not laying on that table I knew."
I was gonna make it soon as you said, "Think of Hailie," I knew
There wasn't no way that I was ever gonna leave them babies and Proof
Not many are lucky enough to have a guardian angel like you
Lord I'm so thankful, please don't think that I don't feel grateful, I do
Just grant me the strength that I need for one more day to get through
So, homie, this is your song, I dedicate this to you
I love you, Doody

The days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (thinking about you)
You may be gone but you're never over

And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And I miss you oh
I just miss you oh
I just miss you oh
And homie I'll never forget you no

###"Elevator"###

All aboard, okay, next stop, my basement… ha ha
I'll meet you down there

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said "What if you went platinum?" I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty-something million records worldwide later,
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Haters getting mad, they done had enough of Shady
You slay me, nothing you say matters enough to touché me
Rappers try to play me, they use Hailie as a ukulele
Woopsa-that-a-fucking-daisy
That's a no-no even she knows dada's fucking crazy
Fucking animal, cuckoo, bananas, fucking A B
Maybe it's because I never had a mother raise me
Fuck around and throw a baby at another baby
You may think it's 'cause of the way that I was brought up
But it's all caught up to me now, karma's in the waters
Every line I ever said has got me in a corner
You might think it doesn't creep upon ya, but it all does
You wouldn't listen man, I tried to warn ya when you started
Now your brain's all haunted 'cause of all the shit you thought of
Chainsaw slaughters turn your daughters into sawdust
I never thought it'd come to this, I ought to just be honest but

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said "What if you went platinum?" I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty-something million records worldwide later,
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Sorry Lance, Mr. Lambert, and Aiken ain't gonna make it
They get so mad, when I call them both faggots
all these fucking voices in my head I can't take it
Someone shut that fucking baby up, 'fore I shake it
You're standing adjacent to Jason, slash, Leatherface, and
Together makes 'em a fucking bad combination
I lashed at the doctor in my last operation
Shoved the Wiener Schnitzel up his ass, hopped away
somebody please stop the patient, get the cops to mace him
Homie, I'm the Scheiße, ask Doctor Dreizehn
I can't leave the game, I just can't walk away son
No, not a-now, not a chance, not today son
I can't believe I leave for one brief second
And you pussies queef all over the rap game, naked
And use a leaf to wipe up the crap stains, feck it
I'll just keep saying the same exact saying, check it

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said "What if you went platinum?" I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty-something million records worldwide later
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Elevator in my house, I'll smell ya later
I blew the fuck up, a hamster in a microwave-I
Thinking 'bout an escalator now, steps, I hate 'em
Told the neighbor step away, then I just pepper sprayed 'em
Yeah, for every time you ride down the street
Or hideout, drive by my house and beep
Like now motherfucker, try now to sleep
Lie down fucker (baa), try countin' sheep
And you're tryna find out, why now there's beef?
Mace in your face bitch, cry now pussy
This is my house, all nine thousand feet
So you can suck my dick with Amy Winehouse's teeth
Then I shove 'em in the elevator, take 'em to the top
Stand above em,just to cut the fucking cable, let 'em drop
Walk an hour to the damn refrigerator, get a pop
While I let 'em fall all the way to the basement yelling stop!

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said "What if you went platinum?" I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty-something million records worldwide later,
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Fucking son of a bitch, I can't believe this shit
This must be all that there is, this must be it
Fucking-A even got a bidet
to wash my ass after I shit with gold toilet paper
Dishwasher's so big, when I'm pissed off
I can just toss a flying saucer in it
The shit's awesome, yeah, fucking elevator
Living in a house with a fucking elevator

###"Going Through Changes"###

[Ozzy:]
I'm going through changes.
I'm going through changes.

[Eminem:]
Lately I really feel like I'm rolling for delf like Philly,
Feel like I'm losing control of myself, I sincerely
Apologize if all that I sound like is I'm complaining,
But life keeps on complicating, and I'm debating
On leaving this world this evening,
even my girls can see I'm grievin',
I try and hide it,
But I can't. Why do I act like I'm all high and mighty,
When inside I'm dying.
I am finally realizing I need help.
Can't do it myself. Too weak. Two weeks I've been having ups and downs,
Going through peaks and valleys,
Dilly-dallying 'round with the idea of ending the shit right here.
I'm hatin' my reflection. I walk around the house tryna fight mirrors.
I can't stand what I look like, yeah. I look fat, but what do I care?
I give a fuck. Only thing I fear is Hailie,
I'm afraid if I close my eyes and I might see her.
Shit.

[Ozzy:]
I'm going through changes.
I'm going through changes.

[Eminem:]
I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom, nappin' at noon.
Yeah, dad's in a bad mood, he's always snappin' at you.
Marshall, what happened that you can't stop with these pills?
And you falling off with your skills?
And your own fans are laughin' at you?
It become a problem. You're too pussy to tackle, get up.
Be a man, stand. A real man would've had this shit handled.
Know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed.
They say Proof just flipped out, homie just whipped out and bust.
Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that.
He wouldn't fuckin' shoot at nobody, he'd fight first.
But dwellin' on it only makes the night worse.
Now I'm popping Vics, Percs and Methadone pills.
"Yeah, Em, tight verse. You killed it."
Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like yes men.
And they gon' do whatever I says when I says it.
It's in their best interest to protect their investment.
And I just lost my fuckin' best friend. So, fuck it, I guess then...

[Ozzy:]
I'm going through changes.
(don't know what I'm gonna do)
I'm going through changes.
(but I just keep on going through changes.)

My friends can't understand this new me.
That's understandable, man, but think how bananas you'd be.
You'd be an animal too, if you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo.
And everybody's lookin' at you. What you want me to do?
I'm startin' to live like a recluse
and the truth is
Fame's startin' to give me an excuse
to be at a all-time low.
I sit alone in my home theater watchin' the same damn DVD
Of the first tour. The last tour he was still alive.
And it hurts. So, I fast forward. Sleepin' pills will make me feel alright.
And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night,
I'll just take a couple more. Yeah, you're motherfuckin' right.
I ain't slowin' down for no one, I am almost homeward bound.
Almost in a coma. Yeah, homie, come on dole 'em out.
"Daddy, don't you die on me. Daddy, better hold your ground."
Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice?
Yeah, baby hold me down.

[Ozzy:]
I'm going through changes.
(Don't know what I'm gonna do)
I'm going through changes.
(but I just keep on going through changes.)

[Eminem:]
Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes, but somehow I'm pullin' through.
Swear when I come back I'mma be bulletproof.
I'mma do it just for Proof. I think I should state a few
Facts, 'cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth.
Shit, it just hit me that what if I would not've made it through?
I think about the things I would've never got to say to you.
I'd never get to make it right. So, here's what I came to do.
Hailie, this one is for you, Whitney and Alaina, too.
I still love your mother, that'll never change.
Think about her every day. We just could never get it together.
Hey, wish there was a better way for me to say it,
But I swear on everything: I'd do anything for her on any day.
There are just too many things to explain.
When it rains, guess it pours. Yes, it does.
Wish there wasn't any pain,
But I can't pretend there ain't.
I ain't placin' any blame,
I ain't pointin' fingers. Heaven knows I've never been a saint.
I know that it feels like we just pissed away our history.
And just today I looked at your picture, almost if to say
"I miss you" subconsciously. Wish it didn't end this way,
But I just had to get away. Don't know why.
I don't know what else to say. I guess I'm...

[Ozzy:]
I'm going through changes.
(Don't know what I'm gonna do)
I'm going through changes.
(but I just keep on going through changes.)

###"Baby"###

[*baby crying*]

One thousand different houses and Münchhausen
I'mma make you wanna punch out some-fucking-one
"Ouch!" What the fuck'd you hit me for?
Scream "life" as I punch counter and bunches out of anger
I once encountered a stranger
In a dumb gown, black hood
With a scythe
Shit I laughed in his face spit
Bitch gave me an extra life, like "Take this!"
Now get your ass back in that game, bitch
Don't take shit for granted
And don't take shit, give it!
Only bull you should take is by the horns
A mixture of Whitey Ford and Mighty Thor
I everlast, pen is mightier than sword
Finish writing then record
Replenish, keep writing more
Nothing's riding on it but your pride is all you're fighting for
So you fight, scratch, you claw
Back's to wall
No one was there to catch you fall
You pick yourself back up, you dust your jacket off
You grab your balls, like they're gargantuan and
Ask yourself how fucking bad you want it
Pull out your pass for whooping ass and flash it on 'em
Nobody's gonna back you in the corner
You're a hornet
No one's more ignorant
Than you fuckin' four in the morning
You're at the laboratory, storming
Like there's nothing that's more important
MC's you better consider this a formal warning
You're in for it
Girl, what would you do if I said your body was off the chain
And I told you I smile every single time I saw your face?
I ain't finished, bitch
I meant in half, oil the blades
Nobody wants to play
They say I'm a spoiled little baby
But

Nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya
'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya

What goes through an addict's brain?
Besides static pain and Big Daddy Kane
Breakbeats and words
An erratic train of thought
Like splatter paint
Scatter-brained
Yeah maybe that explains
Why you're back but don't rap the same
And you're looking way thinner
'Cause your hunger got you looking like
They took away dinner (chooka)
"Sugar Ray" Leonard wouldn't sugar-coat a fucking booger though
Just to wipe that bitch on a hooker's coat
When you say you're a chooka what chooka what
Now fling that bitch from your fingertips
Hope it lands on another rap singer's lips
Who can't think of shit
Anything of wit, that's interesting to spit
Who's king of this fucking English Lit?
Let your middle fingers flip on each hand
While extending this shit
How low can you go?
Lower than Chuck D ho
Hear the bassiness in my voice?
Rocky's back, where's my Adrian?
Nobody's crazy as Shady in an eighty million mile radius
I'm what Tom Brady is to the patriots to rap
Not a man, I'm a weapon
Who just happened to be a rapper
Who just happen to be on the crapper
When it happened I had an epiphany
In the bathroom, I'd never be the same after
Now I'm back with an appe-tite
For destruction, the fucking recipe for disaster
So let's eat 'cause I'm famished
Every deed is a dastardly one
Evilish bastard, even you askin' for me to be po-lite
To people's like me havin' my teeth pulled

Nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya
'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya

So step inside a dimension
The demented side of a mind
That's like an inside of an engine
While I multiply your undivided attention
But be reminded: if I didn't mention
I lose my mind and my temper
You'll be the first one
Who finds him offensive
Got him climbing the fences
Lost some time to addiction
But look up rhyme in the dictionary
I'm in the picture
Eminem is the synonym for it
I'm an enigma
Fuck it, let's get to the meat balls
I'm gonna skip the veg and potatoes
Edumacator they are
Shit legends are made of
Spit treacherous data
Shit that you would say to your worst enemy
This wretched is
What you get when you mix Treach with a Jada
Then combine 'em with Method Man and Redman
With methamphetamines in his left hand
And in his right there's a sledge-hammer
In pajamas, standing in front of a webcam
Beating himself in the head, 'til Russell let's him off Def Jam
Maybe I need my head examined
Hannibal Lecter with a dead lamb
Hanging from his ceiling dripping with a bed pan
I need meds!
Swear to god 'cause If I go off the edge
T.I. ain't talking me off a ledge man
Heart throb at a fart, ah nah
More like a smart slob, part blob
That'll stab you with a sharp object
To the heart and leave claw marks
All over the Wal-Mart walls
Little baby with large balls
Fuck mud slinging, I'm blood flinging
There's nothing on this fucking Earth better than being
The king of the playground
I hate the swings but I love being an underdog
'Cause when I'm pushed
I end up swinging up

Nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya
'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya

###"Bad Guy"###

[Eminem:]
It's like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt
Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work
All it takes is one song on the radio you're right back on it
Reminding me all over again how you fucking just brushed me off
And left me so burnt, spent a lot of time trying to soul search
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first
Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt
But I am coming for closure
Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed for
The way that you turned your back on me
Just when I may have needed you most
Oh, you thought it was over
You could just close the chapter
And go about your life, like it was nothing
You ruined mine, but you seem to be doing fine
Well, I've never recovered but tonight I betcha that whatcha
'Bout to go through's tougher than anything I ever have suffered
Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice
Can I hold grudges, mind saying, "Let it go, fuck this."
Heart's saying, "I will once I bury this bitch alive.
Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset."

[Sarah Jaffe:]
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth
But it's easier to justify
What's bad is good
And I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy

[Eminem:]
And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
To think it was you at one time I worshiped, shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Not this time, you better go and get the sewing kit, bitch
Finish this stitch so you can reap what you sew (sic), knit wit
Thought some time had past and I'd forget it, forget it!
You left our family in shambles
You expect me to just get over him? Pretend he never existed
May be gone, but he's not forgotten
And don't think 'cause he's been out the picture so long
That I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't coming to get ya
You're wrong and that shit was rotten
And the way you played him, same shit you did to me, cold
Have you any idea the shit that I've gone through?
Feelings I harbor, all this pent-up resentment I hold on to
Not once you call to ask me how I'm doing
Letters, you don't respond to 'em
Fuck it, I'm coming to see you
And gee who better to talk to than you?
The 'cause of my problems
My life is garbage and I'm 'bout to take it out on you
Poof, then I'm gone, voosh
And...

[Sarah Jaffe:]
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth
But it's easier to justify
What's bad is good
And I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy

[Eminem:]
I've been driving around your side of this town
Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Feel like I been waiting on this moment all of my life
And it's now arrived, and my mouth is fulla' saliva
My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house
See, it's sad it came to this point
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment to come and see ya
But I ain't here for ya empathy, I don't need your apology
Or your friendship or sympathy, it's revenge that I seek
So I sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window
Like I reach my full potential–I peeked
Continue to peep, still bent low
Keep tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo
Sneak all the way 'round to the back porch
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
You don't plan for intruders beforehand?
Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue?
Gag, chloroform rag, dag almost hack-up a lung
Like you picked an axe up and swung
Stick to the core plan, dragged to the back of a trunk
By one of your fans, irony's spectacular, huh?
Now who's a faggot, you punk?
And here's your Bronco hat, you can have that shit back 'cause they suck
It's just me, you and the music now, Slim
I hope you hear it we're in a car right now
Wait, here comes my favorite lyric
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
And hey, here's a sequel to my Mathers LP
Just to try to get people to buy
Well how's this for publicity stunt? This should be fun
Last album now 'cause after this you'll be officially done
Eminem killed by M and M
Matthew Mitchell, bitch, I even have your initials
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
Since you're in love with your city so much
I figured, what the fuck the best place you could be buried alive is right here
Two more exits, time is quite near
I hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear
That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea
As cops appear in my driver's side mirror
(Oh God, police! Ah!)
Hope foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot at least
New plan Stan
Slim, "chauvinist pig drove in this big, Lincoln town car!"
Well gotta go, almost at the bridge, haha big bro it's for you
Slim, this is for him and Frank Ocean, hope you can swim good!
Now say you hate homos again!

[Eminem:]
I also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
I'm the nightmare you fell asleep in and then woke up still in
I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
Nope, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
When they say all of this is approaching its end
But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again
Back's to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds, toilet's clogged
Yeah 'cause I'm talking a lotta shit but I'm backing it all up
But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers
After the track is demolished
"I am your lack of a conscience"
I'm the ringing in your ears
I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Eating your vocal chords after your concerts
I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged
Grab for some water but I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow
I'm the bullies you hate that you became
With every faggot you slaughtered
Coming back on you every woman you insult, batter
But the double-standards you have when it comes to your daughters
I represent everything you take for granted
'Cause Marshall Mathers the rapper's persona's half a façade and
Matthew and Stan just symbolic of you not knowing what you had 'til it's gone
'Cause after all the glitz and the glam no more fans that are calling your name
Cameras are off, sad but it happens to all of them,
I'm the hindsight to say, "I told you so!"
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
If you don't stop after they call you
Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits
When it's time to walk away
I'm every guilt trip the baggage you have
But as you gather up all your possessions
If there's anything you have left to say
Unless it makes an impact then don't bother
So before you rest your case
Better make sure you're packing a wallop
So one last time, I'm back
Before it fades into black and it's all over
Behold the final chapter in the saga
Trying to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Twice, the magic that started it all
Tragic portrait of an artist tortured
Trapped in his own drawings
Tap into thoughts
Blacker and darker than anything imaginable
Here goes a wild stab in the dark
As we pick up where the last Mathers' left off

###"Jimmy Crack Corn"###

[Verse 1 - Eminem]

Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care
My enemies crack corn, but I don't care
You can be black, white or a albino yeah
You can have corn rows inside your hair
I give a fuck if I don't like your stare
This bottle of wine goes upside your head
A little bit psycho, but I know that
Think you just don't say it, then I won't say it
See if you don't brag, then I don't brag
I know I'm bad, as long as I know I'm bad
I don't need y'all to co-sign no shit
You can just keep making them tired old threats
A little bit like the boy you cried wolf yeah
See me, but don't dare to try no shit
Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers
A rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass
And I can be so quiet and strike so fast
Like lightning bolts right out the sky go *blah
From outta nowhere, you might find your career
Come to an *err and I'm just like (Oh Yeah)

[Chorus - Eminem]

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is D12 at, they like (We over here)
And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where)

[Verse 2 - Eminem]

Jealous little fucks beg for my attention but
I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want
If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice
If you keep coming back, that only means you know you lost the fight
They wanna talk shit, let em talk shit, cause they talk shit
Knowing deep down, they really just wanna squash it
Cause no one wants to walk around, stepping in dog shit
And get doo-doo on the shoe again, soon as they washed it
But the pride won't let em, inside's like 'go get em'
And I'm just like 'Why your tryna fight momentum'
We just keep winning, by landslides oh and umm
Shady Limited's in any size yo, Denim
To velour, even our clothing line's on fire
As 50 would say 'Our clothing line's on Fiya'
Meanwhile your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah
And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars
But I just keep fucking you, like I fucked her
Right in the ass with KY, yes sir!
So full of joy, boy am I absurd
Even Chingy would tell you
'Yea boi don't curr'

[Chorus - Eminem]

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is G-Unit at, they like (We over here)
And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where)

[Verse 3 - 50 Cent]

Ya homie got clapped on, man I don't care
The cops in my Nana crib, but I'm not there
It is what it is dogg, man life's not fair
Ya friend should've know not to front round here
Listen kid, where I'm from, the wolves smell fear
They'll strip yo ass of your jewels, right here
Man I'ma say this one time, now get this clear
Man you can catch a hot one like outta no where
A beautiful day, without drama is rare
Ya girl's a freak, man sometime we share
Yeah, I wear a condom and you go bare
You prolly heard about me, I'm a shown up player
In the hood politicin, like I'm running for mayor
riding, winding, dining and shining, know what I'm saying
I ain't got time for fucking around, and horseplaying
I'm making hits, my homies taking hits, who's staying

[Chorus - Eminem]

See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is D12 at, they like (We over here)
And where the fuck we going, we're like (No where)

###"Shake That"###

[Intro - Eminem ]
Shady, Aftermath
(Look at that bitch! Ha, yeah!)
There she goes shaking that ass on the floor
Bumpin' and grindin' that pole
The way she's grindin' that pole
I think I'm losing control

[Verse 1 - Eminem]
Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunked, get fucked up
Hit the strip club don't forget ones get your dick rubbed
Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted
Pasted, blasted, puke, drink up, get a new drink
Hit the bathroom sink, throw up
Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine
Knowing still got a few chunks on your shoestring
Showing I was dehydrated till the beat vibrated
I was revibed as soon as this bitch gyrated
And hips and licked them lips and that was it
I had to get Nate Dogg here to sing some shit

[Verse 2 - Nate Dogg]
Two to the one from the one to the three
I like good pussy and I like good trees
Smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe
And I get more ass than a toilet seat
Three to the one from the one to the three
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me
Conversation and Hennessy
I've been to the motherfucking mountain top
Heard motherfuckers talk, seen 'em drop
If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock
And when I bust yo ass I'm gonna continue to rock
Get your ass off the wall with your two left feet
It's real easy just follow the beat
Don't let that fine girl pass you by
Look real close cause strobe lights lie

[Verse 3 - Nate Dogg]
We 'bout to have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (go 'head shake your butt)
I'm looking for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it popping baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
I'm looking for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say every day she be giving it up

[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me

[Verse 4 - Eminem]
I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygienist
Open your mouth for about four or five minutes
Take a little bit of this fluoride rinse
Swish but don't spit it, swallow when I finish
Yeah me and Nate D-O double G
Looking for a couple bitches with some double Ds
Pop a little champagne and a couple Es
Slip it in her bubbly, we finna finna have a party

[Verse 5 - Nate Dogg]
Have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (go 'head shake your butt)
I'm looking for a girl I can fuck in my hummer truck
Apple bottom jeans and a big ol' butt
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
I want a bitch that sit at the crib with no panties on
Knows that she can but she won't say no
Now look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be
Tonight I want a slut, would you be mine?
Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine

[Bridge - Eminem]
Now I hope you don't get mad at me
But I told Nate you was a freak
He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind
I told him how you like it from behind

[Chorus - Nate Dogg]
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
C'mon, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
C'mon, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
We 'bout to have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (go ahead shake your butt)
I'm looking for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
I'm looking for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say every day she be giving it up

[Outro - Eminem]
There she goes, shaking that ass on the floor
Bumping and grinding that pole
The way she's grinding that pole
I think I'm losing control

God, come on

[Eminem makes noises]

I ain't leavin' without you bitch

Coming home with me

And my boy, and his boy, and his boy, and his girl

Ha ha, Nate Dogg

[Deep breathing]

###"Sing For The Moment"###

[Verse 1] 
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing, it's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
He's a problem child
What bothers him all comes out, when he talks about
His fuckin' dad walkin' out
'Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
His step-father hit him, so he socked him back, and broke his nose
His house is a broken home, there's no control, he just let's his emotions go...

[Chorus]
(C'mon), sing with me, (sing), sing for the years
(Sing it), sing for the laughter, sing for the tears, (c'mon)
Sing it with me, just for today, maybe tomorrow the good Lord'll take you away...

[Verse 2]
Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely 'cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate, I guess words are a motherfucker they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get their hands on every dime you have, they want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me, strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously, so I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete
It's all political, if my music is literal, and I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to, you're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you...

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you , and cock it too
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued
See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus
But music is reflection of self, we just explain it, and then we get our cheques in the mail
It's fucked up ain't it
How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing
Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize their favorite rappers and know all their songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe
We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' shit in their eyes
That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it
'Cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can...

[Chorus 2x]

###"Trapped"###

[Intro-EMINEM]
Big Proof, rest in peace dudey, we love you,
We just wanna keep making you proud, heh...

[PROOF]
My life is trapped in these lines,
Thats why I'm packing these nines,
I got a rap i ain't diein',
Thats in the back of my mind,
Got a strap made of iron,
Cant relax on this grind,
Bending over backwards for these slackers
Til I'm snapping my spine,
Natural high...i gotta focus,
On these bogus pochers,
Looking over my shoulder,
Proof get it poppin like show'd a hold up,

[EMINEM]
WE NOTHING BUT SOLDIERS!!!
[PROOF]
SLOW UP!
[EMINEM]
THIS GUN IS LOADED!!!
[PROOF]
ROLL UP!
[EMINEM]
THEY BEEF 'N WE LEAVING 'EM COKED UP!!!

[PROOF]
If Em say it i spray it,
If he will it i kill it,
We kilpatrick 'n ill it,
Yo Detroit, know i can feel it,
Will at this gun on my waiste-line,
At war we don't waste time,
Blow up magic cant take a punch,
And fifty can take 9, (BLAOW!!),
We got schoolcraft here at the seven-eight and dexter,
I'm up 'n holla spending dollars ain't feeling no pressure,
Yes suh', ya texta' is bitch...
Bet'chya ya flinch when proof shoot up they crew
And wet ya whole clique...

###"Crazy In Love"###

Tell myself that I was doing alright
There's nothing left to do tonight
But go crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy, crazy on you

Can't you see what you do to me baby?
You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac.
I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick
You're truly the only one who can do this to me
You just make me get so crazy.

I go schizo, I get so insane I just go schizophrenic
One minute I wanna slit your throat, the next I wanna sex
You make me crazy,
The way we act
Like two maniacs in the sack
We fuck like two jackrabbits
And maybe that's a bad habit.

'Cause the next day we're right back at it
In the same exact pattern
What the fuck is the matter with us?
We can't figure out if it's lust or it's love
What's that that's attracting us to each other?
They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother.

Which would explain why you're such a motherfucking bitch
But I stay and still stick it out with you even though I just hit you today
But you deserve it you hit me first and provoked me to choke you
Just 'cause I came home late last night crawled in bed and I woke you.

But if there's one thing about you that I admire it's, baby,
Because you stay with me, maybe, because you're as crazy as I am
'Cause when I look at you I can see an angel in your eyes
But if I look deeper inside I see your freakish little side.

Like a devil in disguise,
You're always full of surprises
Always pullin' devices
Out your purse: little vibrators and dildoes
You fucked yourself so much
You barely feel those anymore
You're only twenty-four but you're plenty more mature
Than those other little hoes
Who just act like little girls
Like they're in middle school still
You're crazy sexy cool,

Chilling you play your position
You never step out of line
Even though I stay in your business
You've always kept out of mine.

I wonder what's on your mind
Sometimes they say love is blind
Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye
You ain't see the sign.

Or maybe you did
Maybe you like being shoved
Maybe 'cause we're crazy in love

Crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy crazy on you

You are the ink to my paper
What my pen is to my pad
The moral, the very fiber
The whole substance to my rap.

You are my reason for being
The meaning of my existence
If it wasn't for you
I would never be able to spit this
As intense as I do and the irony
Is you rely on me as much
As I rely on you to inspire me like you do.

You provide me the lighter fluid
You're fuel to my fire
You're my entire supply
Gas, the match and igniter.

The only way that I am able
To stay so stable
Is you're the legs to my table
If you were to break I'd fall on my face.

But I'm always gonna make you feel
I don't need you as much as I really need you
So you don't use it to your advantage.

But you're essential to me
You're the air I breathe
I believe if you ever leave me
I'd probably have no reason to be.

You are the Kim to my Marshall
You're the Slim to my Shady
The Dre to my Eminem
The Alaina to my Hailie.

You are the word that I'm looking for when
I'm trying to describe how I feel inside
And the right one just won't come to my mind.

You're like the pillar that props me up
The beam that supports me
The bitch who never took half,
The wife who never divorced me.

You're like the root to my evil
You let my devil come out me
You let me beat the shit out you
Before you beat the shit out me.

And no matter how much
Too much is never enough
Maybe 'cause we're crazy in love

Crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy crazy on you

###"Space Bound"###

We touch I feel a rush
We clutch it isn't much
But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
It's lust, it's torturous
You must be a sorceress 'cause you just
Did the impossible
Gained my trust don't play games it'll be dangerous
If you fuck me over
'Cause if I get burnt I'mma show you what it's like to hurt
'Cause I've been treated like dirt before you
And love is "evol"
Spell it backwards I'll show you

Nobody knows me I'm cold
Walk down this road all alone
It's no one's fault but my own
It's the path I've chosen to go
Frozen as snow I show no emotion whatsoever so
Don't ask me why I have no love for these motherfucking ho's
Bloodsucking succubuses, what the fuck is up with this?
I've tried in this department but I ain't had no luck with this
It sucks but it's exactly what I thought it would be
Like trying to start over
I got a hole in my heart, but some kind of emotional roller coaster
Something I won't go on 'til you toy with my emotions, so it's over
It's like an explosion every time I hold you, I wasn't joking when I told you
You take my breath away
You're a supernova... and I'm a

I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Right at you

I'll do whatever it takes
When I'm with you I get the shakes
My body aches when I ain't
With you I have zero strength
There's no limit on how far I would go
No boundaries, no lengths
Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's
Gonna be that one and then once we get 'em it's never the same?
You want them when they don't want you
Soon as they do feelings change
It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate
I wasn't looking when I stumbled onto you must've been fate
But so much is at stake what the fuck does it take
Let's cut to the chase
'Fore a door shuts in your face
Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open
That I won't be making a mistake
Cause I'm a...

I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Right at you

So after a year and six months, it's no longer me that you want
But I love you so much it hurts
Never mistreated you once
I poured my heart out to you
Let down my guard swear to God
I'll blow my brains in your lap
Lay here and die in your arms
Drop to my knees and I'm pleading
I'm trying to stop you from leaving
You won't even listen so fuck it
I'm trying to stop you from breathing
I put both hands on your throat
I sit on top of you squeezing
'Til I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick
Ain't no possible reason I could think of to let you walk up out this house
And let you live
Tears stream down both of my cheeks
Then I let you go and just give
And before I put that gun to my temple
I told you this

And I would have did anything for you
To show you how much I adored you
But it's over now
It's too late to save our love
Just promise me you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a star 'cause I'm a...

I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm so lost without you
Without you
Without you

###"Marshall Mathers"###

You know I just don't get it
Last year I was nobody
This year I'm selling records
Now everybody wants to come around like I owe em something
Heh, the fuck you want from me, ten million dollars?
Get the fuck out of here

You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (take shots at me)

Yo, you might see me jogging, you might see me walking
You might see me walking a dead rottweiler dog
With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
Hollering at him 'cause the son of a bitch won't quit barking
(grrrr, ARF ARF) Or leaning out a window, with a cocked shotgun
Driving up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in
Looking for Big's killers, dressing ridiculous
Blue and red like I don't see what the big deal is
Double barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off, 'cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this
Watching all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' popping and wrist watches
I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
And walk around with an empty bottle of Remy Martin
Starting shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman ("God damnit!")
I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
Whose instinct's to kill N'Sync, don't get me started
These fuckin' brats can't sing and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch retarded? Gimme back my sixteen dollars
All I see is sissies in magazines smiling
Whatever happened to wiling out and being violent?
Whatever happened to catching a good old-fashioned
Passionate ass-whooping and getting your shoes coat and your hat tooken?
New Kids on the Block, sucked a lot of dick
Boy/girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public
I'ma love it.. (hahaha)
Vanilla Ice don't like me (uh-uh)
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (yup)
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (hehe)
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
And run around screaming, "I don't care, just bite me" (nah nah)
I think I was put here to annoy the world
And destroy your little 4-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer
And call themselves "Clowns" 'cause they look queer
Faggy 2 Dope and Silent Gay
Claiming Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away (fuckin punks)
And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin faggots the fuck out
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out
(AHHH!) Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck, blaow!
Look at y'all running your mouth again
When you ain't seen a fuckin Mile Road, South of 10
And I don't need help, from D12, to beat up two females
In make-up, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
"Slim Anus," you damn right, Slim Anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flaming faggots!

'Cause I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm not a wrestler guy,
I'll knock you out if you talk about me (you talk about me)
Come and see me on the streets alone
If you assholes doubt me (assholes doubt me)
And if you wanna run your mouth
Then come take your best shot at me (your best shot at me)

Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy
Now because of this blonde mop that's on top
Of this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop?
The underground just spunned around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
"Oh, he just did some shit with Missy,
So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy"
My fuckin bitch mom's suing for ten million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealing
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesn't matter your [attorney Fred Gibson's a] faggot!
Talking about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass (Uh!)
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fighting and fussing over who wants to invite me to supper
All of a sudden I got 90 some cousins (Hey it's me!)
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house
Hey-hey! And then to top it off, I walked to the newsstand
To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
And what do I see? A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help:
Uh, here – DOUBLE XL, DOUBLE XL
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
Ah fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself

You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (take shots at me)

You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (take shots at me)

###"Music Box"###

Yeah, girl.
Can you hear that?
It's playing our song.
Are you sleepy?
Take a nap.
You're not afraid of the dark, are you?

You hear the beat as it makes you not wanna go to sleep.
I knock on Dakota's door. It's locked so I go to creep
'Round the back with binoculars: not 'cause I wanna peep
But because I'm hungry. She smells like Tacos I wanna eat.

Visions of hot chocolaty marshmallows are so sweet.
With sugar plums.
Oh, look, here comes Marshall! He's on your street!
He's placing hot smoldering charcoals beneath your feet.
Now walk on 'em.
He's dancing with carcasses cheek to cheek.

Like a Thanksgiving turkey, a holiday ham,
Cinnamon sprinkled on toast, strawberry marmalade jam.
Flavor my favorite Graham crackers with JonBenét Rams'.
I guess a modern-day Jack The Ripper is all that I am.

My music box.
'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
But I can hear you, my love. You keep calling me.
Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me.
So when you call, I come, I will answer.

'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
I hear my music box playing a song for me.
So, won't you twirl around and do a whirl for me?
And would you be my private little dancer?

I almost look comatose.
Who wants to be sober gross?
I foam like a Doberman. Mouth open.
I overdose.
Put coke up my nostrils in both my holes and I plug my nose.
My pupils quadruple in size. Eyes are so bugged. I know.

I put on my mother's make-up, get naked and run around
Wavin' the gun around.
I think I'm down to a hundred pounds.
There's thunder.
I wonder how come it rains but the sun is out.
The devil's upset with his wife.
They must be sluggin' it out.

I must be buggin' the fuck out,
But what the fuck about?
Voices are leading me up to the attic. I love my house.
They pull and they tug my blouse.
The sound of a music box comes from inside a toy chest.
But what do I do? It's locked.

I pick it and open it, but it's stuffed full of human parts.
I dig 'til I find it, I wind it up and the tune just starts.
It's playing a song so beautiful, and the room is dark.
The moon is full. I smell a funeral. Guess I'll loom in the park.

My music box.
'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
But I can hear you, my love. You keep calling me.
Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me.
So when you call, I come, I will answer.

'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
I hear my music box playing a song for me.
So won't you twirl around, and do a whirl for me?
And would you be my private little dancer?

I'm fixated on asphyxiating and breakin' this little chick's neck like a Pixy Stix.
The sick Satan-worshippin'
Bitches get horse-whippings.
I'm in the back.
Through the back door slipping through the crack
Leavin' the corpse drippin'.

The mortician of love sent from above.
Forced entry. The more wenchy the more stingy I become.
Been doin' this for more than a quarter century I'm just numb.
Am I dreamin'? Is it real? Someone pinch me on the buns.

The time has come to tie her up.
Gotta roll me the ladder.
I've had enough of the chatter.
Climb up to the window, look at her.
Then climb in slow to shatter
Her brain matter
And batter
Her with the bat.
A matter of fact that will splatter her.
But before I do that, I'll have a chat to flatter her.

Give her two compliments, back-to-back, like "Tabitha,
I'm your secret admirer. I'm back to ravish you.
So strong is your fight, but you're no match for Dracula."

Prolonging her plight, as I go back to stabbin' her.
Dismember her limbs, simple as that, cadaver her.
Zoom in with the lens then pan back the camera.
Stand back 'cause here comes your man Jack. So, Pamela...

My music box.
'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
But I can hear you, my love, you keep calling me.
Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me.
So, when you call, I come, I will answer.

'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep.
I hear my music box playing a song for me.
So, won't you twirl around and do a whirl for me?
And would you be my private little dancer?

###"W.T.P."###

Yeah! Oh! Get up! Where my dreads at?
I said get up!
You know what happens when I'm around, man
Let's go!

Better watch out, now
Here we come (come)
And we ain't stoppin' until
We see the mornin' sun (sun)
So give us room to do our thing
'Cause we ain't come to hurt no one (one)
So everybody come and get up on the floor
Now and grab someone (one)

Man first of all I'm a boss
I just wanna get that across
Man even my dentist hates when I floss
Pull up to the club in a Pinto like it's a Porsche
Garbage bag for one of the windows
Spray-painted doors with the flames on 'em
Michigan plates and my name's on 'em
Baby, Shady's here come and get him
If you dames want him
But he ain't stupid so quit tryna run them games on him
He's immune to Cupid, why you tryna put your claims on him?
'Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man
Now climb in back try not to kick over the gas can
There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance
We have of just gettin' home, now can I get that lap dance?
She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass man
In the streets of Warren, Michigan we call 'em tramp stamps
That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps
Down and show this hussy who's the man
Now, get amped, dance!

Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a white trash party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
It ain't no one but us trash
You don't know, you better ask somebody
'Cause we're havin' a white trash party!

Pull a fifth of Bacardi from outta my underwear
And walk around the party without a care
Like a body without a head
Lookin' like a zombie from Night of the Livin' Dead
And tomorrow I'll probably still be too high to get outta bed
'Til I feel like I been hit with the sharp part of the hammer
Mixin' Hennessy and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta
I shoot the gift like I'm hollerin' "Die Santa!"
Missed the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders
So quit tryna play the wall like you Paul
And get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin'
They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap, darlin'
'Cause as soon as they throw on some R. Kelly I start ballin'
Makin' it rain for the ladies in the minis
But I'm not throwin' ones, fives, tens, or even twenties
I'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at skinnies
Man I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's
From the north, east and west, but when
It comes to them trailers in them South Parks
Muffle it, 'cause homie that hood's tighter than Kenny's
So ladies if your belly button's not an innie then I'm outtie
Now hop in my minivan, let's get rowdy
C'mon

Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a white trash party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
It ain't no one but us trash
You don't know, you better ask somebody
'Cause we're havin' a white trash party!

Now whether you're black, white or purple
If you're misunderstood
But you don't give a fuck
You ain't doin' shit that you should
Long as you know you're up to evil
And you're no damn good
Get on the floor, man, and rep your 'hood
Now honey, don't let them pricks trip
We should make a quick dip
And go do some donuts in the hospital parkin' lot
'Cause girl I got a sick whip
Kick the back window outta my Gremlin
Put two milk crates in the trunk
Rip out the stick shift and
Make a five-seater
I'll be damned if I feed a chick
It ain't like me to split a piece of dry pita
I'll be the S-L to the I-M to the S-H-A-D-Y
And I don't need a tank top to be a wife beater
I'll rip a tree out the ground
And flip it upside down
'Fore I turn over a new leaf, clown
I'll tell you now
I'm so raw I still need to un-thaw
You feel me, y'all?
I shut the club down like Drake in the mall
But baby, a body like that's against the law
You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw
Coleslaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all
You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car
Now get up!

Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a white trash party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
It ain't no one but us trash
You don't know, you better ask somebody
'Cause we're havin' a white trash party!

###"Lose Yourself"###

Look, if you had one shot or one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted in one moment, would you capture it or just let it slip?
Yo

His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop bombs,
But he keeps on forgetting what he wrote down,
The whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking how, everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up, over, blaow!

Snap back to reality. Ope, there goes gravity
Ope, there goes Rabbit, he choked
He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy, no
He won't have it, he knows his whole back's to these ropes
It don't matter, he's dope
He knows that but he's broke
He's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to this mobile home,
that's when it's back to the lab again, yo
This whole rhapsody
Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)
(You better)

The soul's escaping, through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking
Make me king as we move toward a New World Order
A normal life is boring, but superstardom's close to postmortem
It only grows harder, homie grows hotter
He blows. It's all over. These hoes is all on him
Coast-to-coast shows, he's known as the globe-trotter
Lonely roads, God only knows

He's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water
His hoes don't want him no more, he's cold product

They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose-dove and sold nada
So the soap opera is told, it unfolds
I suppose it's old partner, but the beat goes on
Da da dum da dum da da da da

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)
(You better)

No more games, I'mma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfucking roof off like two dogs caged
I was playing in the beginning, the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhyming and stepped right in the next cypher
Best believe somebody's paying the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my 9-to-5
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
'Cause, man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
And it's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life

And these times are so hard, and it's getting even harder
Tryna feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter
Caught up between being a father and a primadonna
Baby, mama drama, screaming on her
Too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's gotten me
To the point, I'm like a snail
I've got to formulate a plot or I end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfucking option, failure's not

Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go. It's my shot.
Feet, fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go (go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime (yo)
(You better)

You can do anything you set your mind to, man

###"Kim"###

[Eminem:]
Aww look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy's baby
Little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper
Wiped you and powdered you.
How did you get so big?
Can't believe it now you're two
Baby, you're so precious
Daddy's so proud of you
Sit down, bitch
If you move again I'll beat the shit out of you

[Eminem (Kim):]
(Okay)
Don't make me wake this baby
She don't need to see what I'm about to do
Quit crying, bitch, why do you always make me shout at you?
How could you
Just leave me and love him out the blue?
Oh, what's the matter Kim?
Am I too loud for you?
Too bad, bitch, you're gonna finally hear me out this time
At first, I'm like all right
You wanna throw me out? That's fine!
But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind?
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine!
How could you let him sleep in our bed?
Look at, Kim
Look at your husband now!
(No!)
I said look at him!
He ain't so hot now is he?
Little punk!
(Why are you doing this?)
Shut the fuck up!
(You're drunk! You're never gonna get away with this!)
You think I give a fuck!
Come on we're going for a ride, bitch
(No!)
Sit up front
(Well, I can't just leave Hailie alone. What if she wakes up?)
We'll be right back
Well, I will, you'll be in the trunk

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

You really fucked me, Kim
You really did a number on me
Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then, Kim, I was only 18
That was years ago
I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up!
(I love you!)
Oh, God, my brain is racing
(I love you!)
What are you doing?
Change the station I hate this song!
Does this look like a big joke?
(No!)
There's a four-year-old boy lyin' dead with a slit throat
In your living room, ha-ha
What you think I'm kiddin' you?
You loved him, didn't you?
(No!)
Bullshit, you bitch, don't fucking lie to me
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you, asshole, yeah, bite me
Kim, Kim!
Why don't you like me?
You think I'm ugly, don't you?
(It's not that!)
No, you think I'm ugly
(Baby)
Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me
I hate you! I hate you!
I swear to god, I hate you
Oh, my god, I love you
How the fuck could you do this to me?
(Sorry!)
How the fuck could you do this to me?

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

Come on, get out
(I can't, I'm scared)
I said get out, bitch!
(Let go of my hair.
Please don't do this, baby
Please I love you, look we can just take Hailie and leave)
Fuck you
You did this to us
You did it, it's your fault
Oh, my God, I'm crackin' up
Get a grip, Marshall
Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party?
And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie
That was funny, wasn't it?
(Yes!)
That was funny, wasn't it?
(Yes!)
See it all makes sense, doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight
One of you tries to grab a knife
And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced
(No!)
And while this is goin' on
His son just woke up and he just walks in
She panics and he gets his throat cut
(Oh, my God!)
So now they both dead and you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note
I should have known better when you started to act weird
We could've... Hey! Where you going? Get back here!
You can't run from me, Kim
It's just us, nobody else!
You're only making this harder on yourself
Ha! Ha! Got'cha!
(Ah!)
Ha! Go ahead, yell!
Here I'll scream with you!
Ah, somebody help!
Don't you get it, bitch, no one can hear you?
Now shut the fuck up and get what's coming to you
You were supposed to love me
Now bleed! Bitch, bleed!
Bleed! Bitch, bleed! Bleed!

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

So long
Bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

###"Desperation"###

[Verse 1:]
Girl, you give me writer's block
I'm at a loss for words, uhh
My mind's as lost as yours
I rack my brain but still no thoughts emerge
Never seen no ass as large as yours
How much that cost? That's what I call the cost to splurge
You drive me bonkers, I’m about to get my swerve on for sure
Thought I was pimpin' 'til I felt like Nas, the first
Date cause I think I gave you power, when I gave you flowers in a vase
A box of chocolates, throat lozengers, cough drops and Certs
Probably should've never let me call that job of yours
To talk to your boss and ask him if you can take off from work
Should've been one of the first signs to cause alert
Man we jumped in too fast, cause since then I just can't be apart from her
Cause nobody's body's awesomer, I lust it and she loves me
Cause I'm popular, but you know this ain't love

[Hook - Jamie N Commons:]
You know this ain't love, you know this ain't love
You know this ain't love, you know this ain't love (What is it then?)
It's desperation (She's looking for Mr. Right, wants me to be that guy to her)
It's desperation (I can't even put up a fight, cause I give in at the sight of her)
(And I here I go again)

[Verse 2:]
You were obviously oblivious to me, I swore I was just invisible to you
Till I went to the lengths I did to meet you
Cause you played so hard to get with me from the beginning
Now I'm in disbelief I, never knew that this could be such misery, ah
Cause now you see nothing but me, and I don't see nothing but you
And I'm about to flip cause we are super glued in
We stuck to each other's hips and we can't
Do anything individually, which is to cling on, scared to be alone
Can't, specifically describe it I just can't seem to give a reason
This definitive, just need you, talking bout I live and breathe you
And you pretend to be as mentally and physically
Addicted to me as Wiz Khalifa is to reefer
Don't wanna be without you
Don't wanna be with you neither, bitch
Put me in a situation in which it's both I wish to seek
Cause this ain't love

[Hook]

[Verse 3:]
Just want you to myself, don't wanna share you with no one else
"What the fuck you whispering for?
You get on my nerves, you make me sick
I think our relationship, it seems to be on the fritz
I mean it's time that we just split and leave the
Games behind your frame of mind ain't the same as mine
I think you need to finish developing a little more mentally too"
Get the picture
That's a negative, Alicia, I will never give the keys up
To the crib, ever again, no reason not even a gift certificate from Tiffany's
You better have an epiphany, slut, guess what? The lease up
I'm just mad the time it took to discover
You were using me for loot like I used you for looks
Oh, thought you was too good for me, huh? yeah
Toots, used to be my Carrie Underwood, I was your lumberjack
But I can't stomach this, I'm leaving you, I'm not coming back
She said, "The fuck with that, where's my Louisville Slugger at?"
She grabbed that fucking bat and swung it at my head
I barely ducked and that's right
When she came up with a kick to the nuts twice, steel toe
Girl probably coulda put a 100-yard field goal through the uprights

[Hook]

###"Fack"###

Ow ow ow
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin' cum
Oh shit, oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming

I never seen no chick like this
This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist
Condom on my dick
Of course it is
This bitch don't know what abortion is
So I can't cum in her
Fucks like a porn star
Looks like Jenna
Fack I'm gonna
Cum
I think my rubber's coming off
But oh it's so fuckin' wet and soft
Fuck I'm gonna start letting off
I'm squirting and she's not getting off
And she's on top
I'm gonna fucking, oh God
Oh don't do that
Don't stop
Stop, don't, I don't mean don't stop
Ah Wait a minute
Oh oh fack
I'm gonna fucking cum

Ow ow ow
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin' cum
Oh shit, oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming

Oh wow boom that pow
Oh wow I need a cigarette now
Oh I'm so fucking hot and you're so fuckin' hot
Oh my God
I wanna facking fack
No, not fuck
I said fack
F A C K F A C K
Fack fack fack facking freak me
Oh yeah girl see baby
They call me Mr. Freaky
Let's call your sister three-way
Have some threesome
Me so horny
And you're such a fuckin' babe
I wanna go down on you
Fack you shaved
Oh God damn
Here I go again
I'm gonna cum, I am

Ow ow ow
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin' cum
Oh shit, oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming

I'm Slim Shady, uh uh uh
I'm Slim Shady, uh uh uh
I'm Slim Shady, uh uh uh
I'm Slim Shady, uh uh uh

OK I'm done
I already came twice
You ain't gonna make me cum
I'm all out of gas
Not so fast
Ah Your finger just went in my ass
Ah that hurts take it out now
Oh wait a minute put it back in
In in in
This don't mean I'm gay, I don't like men
I like boobs
Boobs boobs
Now See that gerbil
Grab that tube
Shove it up my butt
Let that little rascal nibble on my asshole
Oh yeah right there, right there
Uh I'm cumming
Oh yeah
Fack I just came again
OK pull it out now
Oh fuck yeah
Wait he's not out
He's still crawling around up there
Oh fack I think it's stuck
Oh but it feels so fucking good

Ow ow ow
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin'cum
Oh shit, oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming

Shove a gerbil in your ass
Through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass
Through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass
Through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass
Through a tube
Ew
Ew ew ew

###"Intro"###

[Footsteps and a belch are heared]
WHOOOO!!!
Hey, how you guys doin.
You want more?
Alright, then SHUT UP!!!

Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo Shoobee Snoobedeebeebop

Girl (girl, girl, girl)
Your My World (world, world world)
Your My Girl (girl, girl girl)
Your my world, world world.

Here's a song for da ladies.

###"My Fault"###

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blonde babe
With half of her head shaved
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
With first aid tape and raped on the first date
Susan an ex-heroin addict who just stopped using
Who love booze and alternative music. What's up
Told me she was going back into using again
I said wait first try this hallucinogen
It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze and the gin
Come here let's go in here
Who's in the den?
(It's me and Kelly)
My bad, sorry!
Let's try another room
"I don't trust you"
Shut up slut chew up this mushroom
This'll help you get in touch with your roots
We'll get bare-foot butt-naked and run in the woods
"Oh hell might as well try 'em this party is so drag."
Oh dang I ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag!
(huh)

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault
I'm sorry!

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

"Yo Sue!"
Get away from me, I don't know you
Oh shoot, she's tripping
I need to go puke! (Bleahh!)
I wasn't trying to turn this into something major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature
Susan stop crying I don't hate ya
The world's not against you
I'm sorry your father raped ya
So what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth
That ain't no reason to start wigging and spaz out
She said "Help me I think I'm having a seizure!"
I said "I'm high too, bitch. Quit grabbing my T-shirt (let go!)
Would you calm down you're starting to scare me
She said "I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married
I don't even have any kids and I can't cook"
Hello
I'm over here Sue, hi, you're talking to the plant, look!
We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
'Cause I never seen no one eat as many 'shrooms as you ate

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
"Whoops!"
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault
"It's an accident!"

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

Susan (wait!) Where you going? You better be careful
Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of getting my hair pulled
I'm not your dad, quit trying to swallow your tongue
Want some gum?
Put down the scissors, 'fore you do something dumb
I'll be right back just chill baby please?
I gotta go find Dave he's the one who gave me these
(I'mma kill him!)
"John, where's Dave at before I bash you?"
He's in the bathroom; I think he's taking a crap dude!
"Dave! Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talking to plants
Chopping her hair off
And there's only two days left of Spring Break
How long do these things take to wear off?"
Well it depends on how many you had?
I took three she ate the other twenty-two caps
Now she's upstairs crying out her eyeballs
Drinking Lysol
"She's gonna die dude."
I know and it's my fault!
My god!

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
"I'm sorry!"
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault
"What do I do?"

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

My God, I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry! Susan please wake up!
Please! Please wake up! What are you doing?!
You're not dead! You're not dead!
I know you're not dead!
Wake up
Susan wake up
Oh my god

###"Say What You Say"###

[Dr. Dre]
Huh, so I'm out the game huh?

[Eminem]
Yo Dre, we riding?

[Dr. Dre]
Whatever

[Eminem]
Well I'm with you homie

[Dr. Dre]
OK, let's handle this small shit

[Eminem]
I was born to brew up storms 'n stir up shit
Kick up dust, cuss 'til I slur up spit
Grew up too quick, went through too much, knew too much shit
Corrupt and I'm pour it on like syrup, bitch
Thick in gritz, sick and twisted Mr. Buttersworth
Dre told me to milk this shit for what it's worth
Till the cow just tilts and tips 'n stumbles to earth
And if I fumble the verse, keep going
First take, I make mistakes, just keep it
No punches, pull no punches, that's weak shit
Fake shit if I ever take shit, I eat shit
Wasn't for him? I wouldn't be shit

[Dr. Dre]
Creep with me, as we take a little trip down Memory Lane
Been here longer than anyone in the game
And I ain't got to lie about my age

[Eminem]
But what about Jermaine?

[Dr. Dre]
Fuck Jermaine, he don't belong speaking mine or Timbaland's name
And don't think I don't read your little interviews and see what your saying
I'm a giant, and I ain't gotta move till I'm provoked
When I see you, I'ma step on you and not even know it
Ya midget, Mini-Me, with a bunch of little Mini-You's
Running around your backyard swimming pools
Over 80 million records sold
And I ain't have to do it with 10 or 11 year olds

[Chorus:]
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

[Eminem]
Second verse, it gets worse
It gets no better than this
Amateurs drink veteran piss
From a Dixie cup, if you ever mix me up
Or confuse me with a Cannabis or Dre with a Dupri
Will rub it in, every club your in, we'll have you
Blackballed and make sure you never rap a fucking again
Dre ain't having it as long as I'm here to play Devil's Advocate

[Dr. Dre]
If there was some magic shit I could wave
Over the industry that could save it when I'm gone
And bury to make sure the tradition carries on
I would

[Eminem]
If I could only use this power for good
I wouldn't, not even if I could

[Dr. Dre]
From the hood and I'm a hornet
And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered

[Eminem]
And I'ma only sucker punch or swing without warning
And swing to knock somebody's fucking head off
Cause I know, when they get up, I won't get a chance to let off
Another punch, I'm punk-rock, no one's punk
Don't give a fuck, white Pac, so much spunk
When I was little I knew I would blow up
And sell a mil or grow up to be Attila
Go nuts and be a killer

[Dr. Dre]
And I'm something of a phenom
One puff of the chron
I'm unstoppable, I'm alive, I'm on top again
There's no obstacle that I can't conquer
So come along with us (Come On)

[Chorus:]
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

[Dr. Dre]
Now anybody who knows Dre
Knows I'm about fast cars and alize, partying all day
But I handle my business cause it's work before play
Don't look for trouble but I serve you gourmet
However you want it, you could have it your way
You fuck my night up, I'ma fuck up your day
Bullet with your name, sending it your way
That goes for anyone who walks through that doorway
Cause this is my space, you invade it
Live to regret it and you die trying to violate it
Fuck around and you'll get annihilated
Eyes dilated

[Eminem]
Ha, like my old lady
Cause what you say is what you say
Sometimes what you mean is 2 different things
Depending on your mood, if it swings, think too many things
Little hit of Dre's weed, I can do anything
Catch a contact, then I'm gone and I'm back
I speed write and my loose leaves my launch pad

[Dr. Dre]
And I can pull any string
Don't have to prove anything
Catch a contract on your head
You headed West, talk shit about Dre?
You better get a vest, then invest in something
To protect your head and neck

[Eminem]
And it's back and forth all day like Red and Meth
I joke when I say I'm the best in the booth
But a lot of truth is said in jest
And if I ever do live to be a legend
I'ma die a sudden death, 5 mics in The Source
Ain't holdin' my fucking breath
But I suffocate for the respect
Fore I breathe to collect the fucking check

[Chorus:]
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?

[Dr. Dre]
Watch your fuckin' mouth

[Timbaland]
Yo this Timbaland, tell him I said suck [chicka] my dick

###"Cold Wind Blows"###

'Cause some things just don't change
It's better when they stay the same
Although the whole world knows your name
So on a bigger stage
They came to see you spit your game

But it shouldn't be difficult to explain
Just why you came back again, you hate the fame
Love the game, cold as ice you remain
Fuck 'em all, tell 'em all eat shit, here we go again

So, god damn... is it that time again already
Ha-ha, you don't look too happy to see me
Fuck man, don't everybody welcome me back at once
All right, fuck y'all then

You can get the dick, just call me the ballsack, I'm nuts
Michael Vick in this bitch, dog fall back you mutts
Fuck your worms, you never seen such a sick puppy
Fuck it a sick duck, I want my duck sicked, mummy
And my nuts, licked, gobble 'em up trick, yummy
Bitch you don't fucking think I know that you suck dick dummy?
You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit honey
Yeah I laugh when I call you a slut, it's funny!
Shorty dance while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words
You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah struck a nerve sucker
Motherfucker might as well let my lips pucker
Like Elton John, 'cause I'm just a mean cocksucker
The shit is on, 'cause you went and pissed me off
Now I'm shitting and pissing on everybody
Give a fuck if it's right or wrong
So buck the Buddha, light a bong
But take a look at Mariah
Next time I inspire you to write a song, c'mon

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh,
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh

Fuck it I'm a loose cannon, Bruce Banner's back in the booth
Y'all are sitting ducks, I'm the only goose standing
I set the world on fire, piss on it, put it out
Stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fucking around motherfucker
I'll show you pussy-footing, I'll kick a bitch in the cunt
'Til it makes her queef and sounds like a fucking whoopy cushion
Who the fuck is you pushin', you must've mistook me for some sissy
Soft punk looking for some nookie or bosom
Go ahead, fucking hater push me
I told you ain't no fucking way to shush me
Call me a faggot 'cause I hate a pussy
Man the fuck up sissy, G's up
All you gardeners freeze up, put your hoes down (Shady ease up!)
Man chill, nah I can't god dammit
Rap is a landfill, drop the anvil
These are shoes that you can't fill
Shit the day that happens the world'll stop spinning
And Michael J. Fox'll come to a stand still
During an earthquake, urine in your face
'Cause you're fake, ah what the fuck, that hurt wait!
Ah what the fuck, I just got struck by lightening
Alright then I quit, god I give up
Call it evil that men do, lord forgive me for what my pen do
This is for your sins, I cleanse you
You can repent but I warn you, if you continue
To hell I'll send you, and just then the wind blew and I said

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh,
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh

How long will I be this way? Shady until my dying day
'Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say
So long, 'til then I drop the fucking bombs
Like I miss the pass when I went long
If you don't like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong
Now sing along, slut this, slut that, learn the words to the song
Oh bitches don't like that, homie I'll be nicer to women
When Aquaman drowns and the human torch starts swimming
Man I'm a cold soul, I roll solo
So don't compare me to them other bums over there
It's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums yeah
I'm bananas pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pair
But I swear, you try to diss me, I'll slaughter you
I put that on everything, like everyone does with auto-tune
The last thing you wanna do is have me spit out a rhyme
And say I was writing this and I thought of you so

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh,
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh

Oh oh oh oh oh oh
I don't know, I don't know what caused, I don't know what caused me to be this way
I don't know, I don't know but I'll probably be this way 'til my dying day
I don't know why I'm so, I'm so cold mean things I don't mean to say
I guess this is how you made me

###"Hell Breaks Loose"###

[Eminem - Verse 1:]
I want you to understand something
That when I come up in this bitch, I want the fans jumping
I want them fists pumping in the air, I don't look like a millionaire
But I feel like a million bucks, Ladies won't you fill your cups?
Shady's come to fill you up, if you a D or a C-cup
You can even be a B, it's just me and D-R-E
You'll be in the E-R, we are strapped with so much T-N-T
We may blow, no, not even C-P-R from the EMT
Can help you to resuscitate, You bustas must be flustered, wait
You can't cut the mustard, What's your problem, can't you bust a grape?
(chk chk) What's my name? Shady came to crush the game
Instantly, not even fair to them cause they pale in comparisons
So much they might as well wear a skin, don't you wish you could just share his pen?
Cause this shit is getting embarrassing, the fog is thick and the air is thin
Cause he won't even let them try to breathe, Dadidadidadadi
He makes it look so easy, Girl you just hit the lottery

[Eminem - Chorus:]
Now this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
Try to restrain us, you can't contain us
We still gonna make it stick no matter what we do
Everywhere we go, it seems we looking
For any excuse to just cut loose

So this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose

[Dr. Dre (Eminem) - Verse 2:]
This is when shit hits the fan like it just flat out don't stand
This is the only moment that matters, your homie rolling with Mathers
Then chaos erupts, Em's in back, Dre's in the front
So do what we say and once it's over like a suance, it hums
(It makes them stay in a trance, No choice, they have to dance)
It's like the playoffs, just making sure that we stay in the hunt
Take a day off or what? Man, you better lay off the blunts
You must be smokin' something, think I ain't smokin' nothing, stay off my nuts

Now hit the floor, baby, time to wipe away all the rust
Shake all them cobwebs loose, loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose
Yeah, girl, shake that caboose, I don't wanna see you try to make no excuse
D-R-E is on the loose, I'm like a goose when it comes to the Chronic use
You know I can't stand to lose, Me and my goons are like animals
Wake up like a pack of wolves and we came here to extract the roof
Yeah, man, ain't that the truth? Girl, your mans is like in the booth
Definitely back up in this bitch, You swing? All hell breaks loose

[Chorus]
Now this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
Try to restrain us, you can't contain us
We still gonna make it stick no matter what we do
Everywhere we go, it seems we looking
For any excuse to just cut loose

So this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose

[Eminem]
Now I know you're feelin discouraged but homie just mark my words
I'm mur-durin the flow, liquid courage I'm fin' to blow
As soon as we hit the do' power surges head to toe
I'm sure to push it as far as words are meant to go
We're in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows
Ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block wit yo' hoe
With speakers knockin it's 3 o'clock, me and Doc then proceed to drop
"E" and hop out the vehicle and knock on your do'

[Dr. Dre]
Yeah, so let us in 'fore we huff and puff and we blow
We ain't bluffin for nothin, we'll knock the stuffin out you
Revenge is so sweet, move 'til you injure your feet
Yeah, move it or lose it freak, move to the beat, lose yourself indubitably
Pass up on that little cute chick right there that'll be pretty damn stupid of me
Born and raised in the C-P-T, yeah Los Angeles, rules of the streets
Them haters hatin on me, but I refuse to lose any sleep
Keep that deuce-deuce in the seat, Dre fall off that's news to me

###"Stay Wide Awake"###

Yo, yo, follow me
Come with me to the dark side of the force
No man would boldly go to this place
The devil only knows of this world
So dark and oh so cold, it's oh so cold
Oh so cold, oh

Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya?
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where only some will go
But none return, when will they learn?
Where do they go? God only knows
Stay wide awake

Fe-fi-fo-fum, I think I smell the scent of a placenta
I enter Central Park, it's dark, it's winter in December
I see my target, put my car in park and approach a tender
Young girl by the name of Brenda and I pretend to befriend her
Sit down beside her like a spider, hi there girl, you might've
Heard of me before, see whore
You're the kind of girl that I'd assault and rape
Then figure why not try to make your pussy wider
Fuck you with an umbrella
Then open it up while the shit's inside ya
I'm the kind of guy that's mild
But I might flip and get a little bit wilder
Impregnate a lesbian, yeah
Now let's see her have triplets, and I'll disintegrate them babies
As soon as they're out her with formaldehyde and cyanide
Girl, you can try and hide, you can try to scream louder
No need for no gunpowder, that only takes all the fun out of
Murderin', I'd rather go vinn-vinn, and now you see just how the
Fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp, uhh
Shit, wait a minute, I mean skull
My knife seems dull, pull another one out, uh

Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya?
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where only some will go
But none return, when will they learn?
Where do they go? God only knows
Stay wide awake

So dark and so cold, my friends don't know this other side of me
There's a monster inside of me, it's quite ugly and it frightens me
But they can't see what I can see, there's a vacancy in my tummy
It's making me play hide-and-seek like Jason, I'm so hungry
She's naked, see, no privacy but I can see she wants me
So patient, see, I try to be but gee, why does she taunt me?
Pulls the drapes and she goes right to sleep
And I creep right through the front, see
So blatantly, but silently 'cause I know that she's sound 'sleep
"Who's waking me so violently, and why's he on top of me?"
"He's raping me," she tries to scream
"Somebody please get him off me
He's taping me, he's biting me, he's laughing like it's funny"
She's scraping me, she's fighting me
She's scratching like some dumb freak
Escaping me, no dice, you see, I might just be Ted Bundy
Or Satan, gee, what a sight to see, I'm dancing in my red panties
I'm crazy, but it's alright with me, man, life can be so empty
Stay away from me 'cause I'm dancing
To quite a different drum beat

Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya?
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where only some will go
But none return, when will they learn?
Where do they go? God only knows
Stay wide awake

Better try to stay wide awake
Or you might end up found dead by the lake
Soon as you lay me down to sleep
Bitch, your soul I'mma try to take
Pray for light of day right away
Why do they try to fight today?
I must make them pay twice as much
Might as well put the knife away
Now I use power tools, how 'bout now, are you in the shower?
Scour you for six hours 'til outage of power outlets
How did you figure out I was down in your basement? Now ya
Must've just heard the sound of my stomach
Growling from down there
Prowler, there's no one fouler
Bound ya, that's how they found ya
Face down in the tub, I drown ya
With piles of downers around ya
Such nostalgia and power, such prowess, look how you cower
Jump out on you now like I was a Jawa from fuckin' Star Wars
Jabba the Hutt, beddy-bye-bye
Beddy-bye-bye, it's time to die-die
Ought to not even bother to scream, it don't even matter
Amazing when grazing skin with these razor blades he waves at ya
Not ya everyday Damien, bathe me in holy water
Nothing like Son of Sam, so please understand
There's no gun in hand
Where's the thrill in the hunt?
There's no fun in that, here I come with axe
Fun to act like lumberjack when I'm hacking 'em up with that
What was that? Dial 9-1-1, someone's coming in from the back

Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya?
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where only some will go
But none return, when will they learn?
Where do they go? God only knows
Stay wide awake

###"25 To Life"###

Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
([Eminem:] Yeah)
Too late
([Eminem:] I can't keep chasing 'em
I'm taking my life back)
Caught in a chase
25 to life

I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I made
Maybe if this bitch had acted right I would've stayed
But I've already wasted over half my life I would've laid
Down and died for you I no longer cry for you
No more pain bitch you
Took me for granted took my heart and ran it straight into the planet
Into the dirt I can no longer stand it
Now my respect I demand it
I'mma take control of this relationship
Command it, and I'mma be the boss of you now goddammit
And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me
So you better hear me out this much you owe me
I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you while I've stayed
Faithful all the way this is how I fucking get repaid?
Look at how I dress fucking baggy sweats, go to work a mess
Always in a rush to get back to you I ain't heard you yet
Not even once say you appreciate me I deserve respect
I've done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness
And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothing left
But you keep treating me like a staircase it's time to fucking step
And I won't be coming back so don't hold your fucking breath
You know what you've done no need to go in depth
I told you, you'd be sorry if I fucking left
I'd laugh while you wept
How's it feel now, yeah, funny ain't it? You neglected me
Did me a favor although my spirit free you've set
But a special place for you in my heart I have kept
It's unfortunate but it's

Too late for the other side ([Eminem:] Yeah)
Caught in a chase
25 to life
([Eminem:] Can't take no more)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life

I feel like when I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh
'Cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half
'Til I snap
Don't think I'm loyal
All I do is rap
How can I moonlight on the side?
I have no life outside of that
Don't I give you enough of my time?
You don't think so, do you?
Jealous when I spend time with the girls
Why I'm married to you still? Man, I don't know
But tonight I'm serving you with papers
I'm divorcing you
Go marry someone else and make 'em famous
And take away their freedom like you did to me
Treat 'em like you don't need them and they ain't worthy of you
Feed 'em the same shit that you made me eat
I'm moving on forget you oh,
Now I'm special? I didn't feel special when I was with you
All I ever felt was this
Helplessness
Imprisoned by a selfish bitch
Chew me up and spit me out
I fell for this so many times
It's ridiculous
And still I stick with this
I'm sick of this but in my sickness and addiction
You're addictive as they get
Evil as they come vindictive as they make 'em
My friends keep asking me why I can't just walk away from
I'm addicted
To the pain, the stress, the drama
I'm drawn in so I guess I'm a mess
Cursed and blessed
But this time I
Ain't changing my mind
I'm climbing out this abyss
You screaming as I walk out that I'll be missed
But when you spoke of people who meant the most to you
You left me off your list

Fuck you hip-hop
I'm leaving you, my life sentence is served bitch
And it's just

Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
([Eminem:] I'm gone, man)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
Too late
Caught in a chase
25 to life

###"Just Don't Give A Fuck"###

[Intro: Frogg]
Whoa!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clapping 'em
And like, back and forth because ah
This is what you thought it wasn't
It beez the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G [coughing in background]
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...

[Verse One: Eminem]
Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzing, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursing at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we coming out in the open
I'm doing acid, crack, smack, coke and smoking dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm coming up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm coming out swinging, so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You getting knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The +Proof+ is in the pudding, just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfucking throat worse than Ron Goldman

[Chorus:]
So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screaming "Fuck the World" like Tupac
I just don't give a fuck!
Talking that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
Telling your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!

[Verse Two: Eminem]
I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Search to crush a Milkbone
I'm everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezing
Flavor with no seasoning, this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snorting, supporting abortion
Pathological liar, blowing shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumping your dead body inside of a fucking trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Eminem]
Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screaming like Rage Against The Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shooting up while this record is spinning
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck dropping the jewel, I'm flipping the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfucking style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of nagging bosses bitching while I'm washing dishes
In school I never said much, too busy having a headrush
Doing too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snorting coke and smoking weed again
I'm going up over the curb, driving on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

[Chorus]

[Outro: Eminem]
Shit, fuck everything...
Outsiders, Pace One, Young Zee.
Fuck the entire world...

###"When The Music Stops"###

[Bizarre:]
Music, reality
Sometimes it's hard to tell the difference
But we as entertainers
Have a responsibility to these kids... Psych!

[Eminem:]
If I were to die, murdered in cold blood tomorrow
Would you feel sorrow, or show love? Or would it matter?
Could never be the lead-off batter
If there ain't shit for me to feed off, I'm see-saw battlin'
But there's way too much at stake for me to be fake
There's too much on my plate
I done came way too far in this game to turn and walk away
And not say what I got to say
What the fuck you take me for, a joke? You smoking crack?
'Fore I do that, I'd beg Mariah to take me back
I'll get up 'fore I get down
Run myself in the ground, 'fore I put some wack shit out
I'm tryna smack this one out the park: five-thousand mark
Y'all steady tryna drown a shark
Ain't gon' do nothing but piss me off
Lid to the can of whip-ass, just twist me off
See me leap out, pull a piece out
Fuck shooting, I'm just tryna knock his teeth out
Fuck with me now, bitch; let's see you freestyle!
Talk is cheap, motherfucker, if you really feelin' froggish, leap
Yo, Slim, you gon' let him get away with that?
He tried to play you, you can't let him skate with that
Man, I hate this crap, this ain't rap
This is crazy, the way we act when we confuse hip-hop
With real life when the music stops

[Swifty McVay:]
Ain't no getting rid of McVay, if so, you would've tried
The only way I'm leaving this bitch is suicide
I have died clinically
Arrived back at my enemies' crib with Hennessy
Got drunk then I finished him
I'm every nigga's favorite archenemy
Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef
I spark willingly, with a Dillinger in the dark, diligently
I'm not what you think, I appear to be fucked up
Mentally endangered; I can't stay away from a razor
I just want my face in a paper
I wish a nigga had a grenade to squeeze tight
To awake neighbours for acres
I'll murder you; I gauge and have me turn into a mad man
Son of Sam; bitch, I'm surgical
I'm allergic to dying – you think not?
You got balls? We can see how large, when the music stops

[Kon Artis:]
I was happy having a deal at first
Thought money would make me happy
But it only made my pain worse
It hurts when you see your friends
Turn their back on you, dawg
And you ain't got nothing left but your word and your balls
And you're stressed from the calls of your new friends
Begging with their hands out
Checking for your record when it's selling
When it ain't, that's the end: no laughs, no friends
No girls, just the gin you drink till your car spin
You think "Damn!" when you slam into the wall
And you fall out the car and try to crawl with one arm
I'm 'bout to lose it all in a pool of alcohol
If my funeral's tomorrow
Wonder would they even call? When the music stops

[Kuniva:]
Let's see how many of your men loyal
When I pull up looking for you with a pistol
Sipping a can of penzoil
I'm revved up; who said what? When lead bust
Your head just explode with red stuff, I'm handcuffed
Tossed in the paddy-wagon
Bragging about how you shouted like a coward
Bullets devoured you, showered you niggas
If I was you niggas, I'd run while given the chance
Understand, I can enhance the spirit of man
Death itself, it can't hurt me
Just the thought of dying alone that really irks me
You ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk
Be smart and stop tryna walk how Gs walk before we spark
Hug the floor while we playing tug-of-war with your life
Fuck a tour and a mic, I'd rather fuck a whore with a knife
Deliver that shit that coroners like
You hype, popping shit in broad daylight
Nigga, you're a goner at night; when the music stops

[Proof:]
Instigators turn pits in cages
Let loose and bit the neighbors; wrist to razors
Y'all don't want war, y'all want talk
In the dark, my dogs all bark, like, "Woof!"
Proof, nigga, I'm a wolf
Get your whole roof caved in, like reindeer hoofs
Stomp the booth, shake the floor tiles loose
The more y'all breathe, shit, the more I moves
It's Hill Street: this is hardcore Blues
Put a gun to rap, check in all our dues
Or make the news, bet you all y'all move
When the Uzi pop, you better drop, when the music stop

[Bizarre:]
Music has changed my life in so many ways
Brain's confused, been fucked since the 5th grade
LL told me to "Rock the Bells"
NWA said "Fuck the Police," now I'm in jail
Ninety-three was strictly R&B
Fucked up haircut, listened to Jodeci
Michael Jackson – who gon' tell me I ain't Mike?
Ass cheeks painted white, fuckin' Priscilla tonight
Flying down Sunset, smoking crack
Transvestite in the front, Eddie Murphy in the back
M.O.P. had me grimey and gritty
Marilyn Manson: I dyed my hair blue, and grew some titties
Ludacris told me to throw them bows
Now I'm in the hospital with a broken nose
And a fractured elbow
Voices in my head, I'm going in shock
I'm reaching for the Glock, but the music stops

[Bang]

###"Like Toy Soldiers"###

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down...

[Chorus]
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

[Verse 1]
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter
I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to
I'm supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em
That Ja shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, this shit went way beyond some Jay-z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it
That was never my object for someone to get killed
Why would I wanna destroy something I help build
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin'
And that was just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life
Like fuck it i understand this is business
And this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cause

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?
It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it
Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'
Well fuck it, that motherfucker can get it too, fuck him then
But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is
To have Runyan Avenue, soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered
It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Then to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man
If ya'll can quit poppin' off at the jaws, well then I can
Cause frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience cause

[Chorus]

###"Amityville"###

(kill kill kill)
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, duh-da-da-da-da
(kill kill kill)
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dumm..
(kill kill kill)

[Chorus: Eminem]

Mentally ill from Amityville (HE'LL)
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he will (HE'SSSS)
Mentally ill from Amityville
[(HE'SSSS) - on repeats only]

[Eminem]
I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted
Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick (SMACK)
Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit
Shrink pencil me in for my last visit
Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers (whoosh)
Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches (smack)
Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years
Mash with me you'll get in imagine this

[Chorus 2X]

[Bizarre]
I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat
(AH!) Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope?
My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me
For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity
(Mmm mm mmm!) And bitches know me as a horny ass freak
Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was 'sleep
Pissy-drunk, throwing up in the urinal (YOU FUCKING HOMO!)
That's what I said at my dad's funeral

[Chorus 2X]

[Eminem]
That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fucking idiots still (still)
That's why the first motherfucker poppin some shit he gets killed (killed)
That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville ('Ville)
You can get capped after just having a cavity filled (filled)
Ahahahaha, that's why we're crowned the murder capital still (still)
This ain't Detroit, this is motherfucking Hamburger Hill! (Hill!)
We don't do drivebys, we park in front of houses and shoot
and when the police come we fucking shoot it out with them too!
That's the mentality here (here) that's the reality here (here)
Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me here?? (huh?)
While I'm holding a pistol with this many calibres here?? (here??)
Got some registration and just made this shit valid this year? (year?)
Cause once i snap i cant be held accountable for my actions
and that's when accidents happen,
when a thousand bullets come at your house
and collapse the foundation around and they found you
and your family in it (AH!)
GOT DAMNIT HE MEANT IT WHEN HE TELLS YOU

[Chorus 2X]

Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum..

###"When I'm Gone"###

Yeah...
It's my life...
In my own words I guess...

Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy, look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy, where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?"
I don't know go play, Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gon' write itself
I'll give you one underdog and you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah, baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rock-a-by baby...

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?"
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more. "Daddy, you're lying.
You always say that, you always say this is the last time
But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy, you're mine."
She's piling boxes in front of the door tryna block it
"Daddy, please, Daddy, don't leave, Daddy, no, stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "This'll keep you safe, Daddy, take it with you."
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fucking walls must be talking, 'cause man I can hear 'em
They're saying, "You've got one more chance to do right, and it's tonight.
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late."
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing...

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for coming out
They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing
"Daddy, it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding."
But, baby, we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you, Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'.
"You lied to me, Dad, and now you made Mommy sad.
And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'.
That's all I wanted, I just wanna give you this coin.
I get the point. Fine. Me and Mommy are going."
But, baby, wait.
"It's too late, Dad, you made your choice.
Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us."
That's what they want, they want you Marshall
They keep screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill
Yeah, I bet you you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me?
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream, "Die Shady!" and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes,
The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes
And burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's spring and Hailie's outside swinging,
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her
Tell her I miss her,
Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to say

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing,
So, baby, don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

[*curtains closing and sounds of clapping*]

###"Old Time's Sake"###

Good evening! This is your fucking captain speaking
We will soon be reaching an altitude of four million and a half feet 
That's eight million miles in the sky
Please, undo your seatbelt for takeoff
You are now free to smoke about the cabin 

I'm Dre from back in the day from NWA from black and the gray from 
Choking a bitch to smacking her face from
Stacking up bodies to 
Racking their kegs up from Racking a bitch to
Stacking them crates up 
I'm still hungry 
And I'm back with a tapeworm 
And we was happening and rapping and tame at me 
Shady for us competition  Faggot, There ain't none 
Speak of the devil  It's attack of the rain man 
Chainsaw in hand, blood stain on my apron 
Soon as the blade spun run, they run away from
 Who wanna play dungeon? 
No one is safe from  In search of a brain surgeon 
A great one 
Wait, the day ain't funny man  It's urgent 
I need one 
Two boxes of detergent and a paint gun 
And an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1 

So one more time for old time's sake 
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way And let's go 
You are now smoking with the best (the best) 

Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon wireless
A nice environment 
Surprised, entirely hypnotized by the sound I surround the hydrants 
Taking lives of firemen Say goodbye, here I am again Naked wives and vicadin 
Before I begin to get so high; pussy boy, I could spin Fin, fin 
Fuck the handle I fly off the hinge Let that boy off the bench, coach and throw it to him 
There he goes in his trench coat, no clothes again 
Baby, make us some French toast and show us some skin 
I show you every inch grows of my foreskin 
Show me nipple I pinch, throw up, and throw up a ten 
Now you know it's a sin to tease, blow us again 
The sorcerer of intercourse - if it's forced, it's him 
Don't fight the feeling if you're feeling the force within 
And when you wake up in the morning next to the porcelain 

So one more time for old time's sake
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go You are now smoking with the best (the best)

Now where there's smoke, there's fire Where there's fire, there's flames 
Where there's flames, there's chronic
Either you high or you ain't 
I got no time for no games Nah uh, he ain't playin'
He's gonna get the AK and aim it right at your brain I'm slightly insane Vodka and kreatine Hypnotic and red bull 
It's an incredible energy drink And it's given me wings I believe I can fly 
While I pee on a girl You won't catch me, CSI It's as easy as pie 
And as simple as cake Dre, get on the mic and make them dribble and shake 

Now put your smoke up in the air And raise your henny and coke 
And if you really wanna get fucked up, just let me know
We can smoke till there's no more lighter fluid to do it
Lets get into it You smoking with the triest and truest 
I got the Midas touch When it comes to rolling shit up
You motherfuckas ain't smoking 
You just holding shit up Now here we go
Let's get up, get down, hold up a blunt 
I smoke the kinda stuff that make the records go number one
Cuz if at first you don't succeed, won't hurt to smoke some weed
Now them words are just a little more personal for me
Seeing is how I blew up off of puffing them trees Well puffing ain't enough for me 
Fuck yeah, light it up Cheech, come on Smoke me out, cuz
Give me contact buzz 
Get me on track They love me when I'm on that stuff
But this earth calling Shady, man come on back (what?)
Man we're losing him; he won't even respond back (fuck!) 
Now look at all the pretty women in here (Damn bitches)
Dre, it's hot 
I think we better go check on their temperatures I give them the thermometer 
You get the bandages Now baby just bend over
This won't hurt a damn bit, 

And give me one more time for old time's sake Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake 
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best) 
I said one more time for old time's sake Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go 
You are now smoking with the best (the best)

###"Kill You"###

When I was just a little baby boy,
My momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man,
She used to tell me he hated me

But then I got a little bit older
And I realized, she was the crazy one
But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it
'Cause that's just the way she was

They said I can't rap about being broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
'Til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!

These motherfuckers are thinking I'm playing
Thinking I'm saying the shit 'cause I'm thinking it just to be saying it
Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you
I'mma pull you to this bullet, and put it through you

Shut up slut, you're causing too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut, OK Ma?
"Oh, now he's raping his own mother,
Abusing a whore, snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"

You're goddamn right bitch, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happen in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches
Vain Vicodin, vrinn vrinn, vrinnn!

Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Dangling from his neck, while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts

Bitch I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither – you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef

You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me – I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me

I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Bitch I'mma kill you!
Like a murder weapon, I'mma conceal you
In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Fuck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up!
I'm tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em

I ain't "acid rap", but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint? No!
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? No! Eminem'll insult
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
To do it again, then, if he does it again
You'll probably end up jumping out of something up on the 10th

Bitch I'mma kill you, I ain't done this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times in a tub
But that's normal ain't it Norman?

Serial killer hiding murder material
In a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
Out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in

Or I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither – you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef

You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me

I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Eh-heh, know why I say these things?
'Cause ladies' screams keep creeping in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
This eighty Gs a week to say the same things tweece!

Twice? Whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
Just to argue with 'em cause their ratings stink?

Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
From fat bitch to all seventy-thousand pounds of her
From principal to the student body and counselor
From in-school to before school to out of school

I don't even believe in breathing
I'm leaving air in your lungs
Just to hear you keep screaming for me to seep it
OK, I'm ready to go play
I got the machete from O.J.
I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache

You faggots keep egging me on
'Til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop?
Shut up! Give me your hands and feet
I said shut up when I'm talking to you
You hear me? Answer me!

Or I'mma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither – you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'mma kill you! You don't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef

You better kill me! I'mma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me – I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me
Bitch I'mma kill you!

You don't wanna fuck with Shady ('cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (why not?)
'Cause Shady will fucking kill you..

I'm just playing, ladies
You know I love you

###"As The World Turns"###

[Chorus: Repeat 2X]
I don't know why this world keep turning
Round and Round
But I wish it would stop, and let me off right now

Yes man
As the World Turns
We all experience things in life
Trials and Tribulations
That we all must go through
When someone wants to test us
When someone tries our patience

[Eminem]
I hang with a bunch of hippies
and wacky tobacco planters
Who swallow lit roaches
and light up like jack-o-lanterns
Outsiders baby, and we suing the courts
Cause we're dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source
They never should've booted me out of reform school
Deformed fool,taking a shit in a warm pool
They threw me out the Ramada Inn
I said it wasn't me, I got a twin (Oh my god its you! Not again!)
It all started when my mother took my bike away
Cause I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave
After that, It was straight to the 40 ouncers
Slappin teachers, and jacking off in front of my counselors
Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman
Fuck the next lesson, I'll past the test guessing
And all the other kids said Eminem's a dishead,
He'll never last, the only class he'll pass is phys ed
May be true, till I told this bitch in gym class
That she was too fat to swim laps, she needed Slim Fast (Who Me?)
Yeah bitch you so big you walked into big Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig
She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig
Put me in the headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig
I felt the evilness and started transforming (RARRRR!)
It began storming, I heard a bunch of cheering fans swarming
Grabbed that bitch by her hair
Drag her across the ground
And took her up to the highest diving board and tossed her down
Sorry coach, its too late to tell me stop
While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly flop

[Chorus]

As the World Turns
These are the days of our lives
These are the things that we must go through
Day by day

[Eminem]
We drive around in million dollar sports cars
While little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards
Outsiders, and we suing the courts
Cause we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source
Hypochondriac, hanging out at the laundromat
Where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at
Dressed like a sailor, standing by a pale of garbage
Its almost dark and I'm still tryna nail a trailor park bitch
I met a slut and said "What up, its nice to meet ya"
I'd like to treat ya to a Faygo and a slice of pizza
But I'm broke as fuck and I don't get paid till the first of next month
But if you care to join me, I was bout to roll this next blunt
But I ain't got no weed, no phillies, or no papers
Plus I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist
So gimme all your money
And don't try nothing funny
Cause you know your stinking ass is too fat to try to outrun me
I went to grab my gun
That's when her ass put it on me
Wit an uppercut and hit me with a basket of laundry
I fell through the glass doors
Started causing a scene
Then slid across the floor and flew right into a washing machine
Jumped up with a broken back
Thank god I was smocking crack all day
And doped up off coke and smack
All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse
Now I wanna kill her
But so I gotta catch her first
Ran through Rally's parkin lot and took a shortcut
Saw the house she ran up in
And shot her fucking porch up
Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut
Looked around the room
That's when I seen the bedroom door shut
I know you're in there bitch! I got my gun cocked!
You might as well come out now
She said "Come in, its unlocked!"
I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne
And seen her spread across the bed naked watching gay porn
She said "Come her big boy, lets get acquainted"
I turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it
She came at me at full speed, nothing could stop her
I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her
I started to beg "No, please let go"
But she swallowed my fucking leg whole like an egg roll
With one leg left, now I'm hoppin around crippled
I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple
Just trying to buy me some time, then I remembered this magic trick
Den Den Den Den Den Den, Go go gadget dick!
Whipped that shit out, and ain't no doubt about it
It hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power outage
I shouted "Now bitch, lets see who gets the best!"
Stuffed that shit in crooked and fucked that fat slut to death (Ah!! Ah!)
Come here bitch!
Come here!
Take this motherfucking dick!
Bitch, come here!

[Chorus to fade]

And as we go along
Throughout the days of our lives
We all face small obstacles and challenges everyday
That we must go through
These are the things that surround us through our atmosphere
Every day
Every single day the world keeps turning

###"Berzerk"###

Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack
Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch
I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back
That's why my pen needs a pad cause my rhymes on the ra-ag
Just like I did with addiction I'm 'bout to kick it
Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets
Got 'em still on the fence whether to picket
But quick to get impaled when I tell 'em stick it
So sick I'm looking pale, wait, that's my pigment
'Bout to go ham, ya bitch, shout out to Kendrick
Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch
The art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren
And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch
Been public enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(and go berzerk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(and go berzerk) all night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (go berzerk), shake your body

Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it?
Khaki's pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced, so I guess it ain't
That aftershave or cologne that made 'em just faint
Plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint
So if love is a chess game, check mate
But, girl, your body's banging, jump me in, dang, bang-bang
Yes siree, 'Bob', I was thinking the same thang
So come get on this Kid's rock, Baw with da baw, dang-dang
Pow-pow, chica, pow, chica, wow-wow
Got your gal blowing up a valve, valve-valve
Ain't slowing it down, throw in the towel, towel-towel
Dumb it down, I don't know how, huh-huh, how-how
Least I know that I don't know
Question is are you both so smart enough to feel stupid
Hope so, now hoe...

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(and go berzerk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(and go berzerk) all night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So crank the bass up like crazy and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (go berzerk) shake your body

[Scratch]

And they say that love is powerful as cough syrup in Styrofoam
All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo
With the ugly Kardashian
Lamar, oh sorry yo, we done both set the bar low
Far as hard drugs are though, that's the past
But I done did enough Codeine to knock future into tomorrow
And, girl, I ain't got no money to borrow
But I am trying to find a way to get you alone (car note)
Oh, Marshall Mathers
Shit head with a potty mouth, get the bar of soap lathered
Kangols and car-heart-less cargos
Girl, you're fixing to get your heart broke
Don't be absurd, ma'am, you birdbrain baby
I ain't called anybody baby since Birdman, unless you're a swallow
Word, Rick, word, man, you heard, but don't get discouraged, girl
This is your jam, unless you got toe jam

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(and go berzerk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(and go berzerk) all night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (go berzerk), shake your body

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So crank the bass up like crazy and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (go berzerk) shake your body

###"Beautiful"###

[Sample - Rock Therapy "Reaching Out":]
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?

[Eminem:]
I'm just so fuckin' depressed, I just can't seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need something to pull me out this dump,
I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I don't know how or why or when I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just can't admit
Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap
I need a new outlet, and I know some shit's so hard to swallow
But I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow
But I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow
One tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles

In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...

I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
Everything is so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature in the room
Just as soon as I walk in
It's like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
'Cause if I do that then it opens the door for conversation
Like I want that... I'm not looking for extra attention
I just want to be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fucking man servant
Trying to follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of them ain't even funny like
"Ha!, Marshall you're so funny man, you should be a comedian, God damn"
Unfortunately I am, but I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down?
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles

In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so

Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves
And flip them, don't expect no help
Now I could have either just
Sat on my ass and pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
Who sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in
In every single place
Every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid

Aunt Edna always told me "Keep makin' that face it'll get stuck like that"
Meanwhile I'm just standin' there
Holdin' my tongue tryna talk like this
'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old
I learned my lesson then cause I wasn't tryna impress my friends no more
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
'Cause where you see it from where you're sitting
It's probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile
In each other's shoes, at least
What size you wear? I wear tens
Let's see if you can fit your feet

In my shoes, just to see
What it's like, to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh, they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you, yeah, so...

[Sample - Rock Therapy "Reaching Out":]
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone...
So are you calling me, are you trying to get through, oh?
Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?
So oh oh

[Eminem:]
Yeah... To my babies. Stay strong.
Daddy will be home soon
And to the rest of the world, God gave you them shoes
To fit you, so put 'em on and wear 'em
Be yourself, man, be proud of who you are
Even if it sounds corny,
Don't ever let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful
So...

###"Drips"###

Obie, yo', i'm sick, damn, you straight dog...

[CHORUS]

That's why I ain't got no time, for these games and stupid tricks, or these bitches on my dick,
that's how dudes be getting sick, that's how dicks be getting drips, falling victims to this
shit, from these bitches on our dicks, fucking chickens with no ribs, that's why I ain't got no
time...

[Obie Trice]
Yo', I woke up fucked up off the liquor I drunk, I had a bag of the skunk won in last nights
tunk, pussy residue was on my penis, Denise from the cleaners, fucked me good, you should of
seen this, big booty bitch, switch unbearable, french roll stylin', body like a stallion, sizin'
up the figure while my shit getting bigger, debatin' on a fuck or do I want to be her nigga,
caressin' this bitch, plus i'm checking out them tit's, sippin' on that fine shit I ain't used
to buyin', I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory, like takin' hoe's money, but that's
another story, for surely, the pussy on toast after we toast, her clothes fell like bishop in
juice, the womb beater, clean pussy eater, insertin' my jock in that spot hotter than the
hottest block, don't stop, the response I got when I was knockin' it, clock steady tickin',
kinky finger lickin', and can on, semen's at my tip when she moans, I gotta slow down before I
cum soon, and work that nigga, like a slave owner, when I dropped off my outfit, she knew I
wanted to bone her, she foamin' at the lips, the one between them hips, pubic hairs lookin' like
some sour cream dip, without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though, pussy tighter than
conditions of us black folks, we in the final stretch, the last part of sex, I bust a fat ass
nut, then I woke up next, like what the fuck is goin' on here, this bitch evaporated, pussy and
all, just picked up and vacated, now i'm frusturated cause my dick was unprotected, and Doctor
Wesley tellin' me I really got that shit...

[CHORUS]

[Eminem]
Now I don't wanna hit no woman, but this chick's got it comin', someone better get this bitch,
before she get's kicked in the stomach, and she's pregnant, but she's eggin' me on, beggin' me
to throw her off the steps of this porch, my only weapon is force and I don't wanna resort to
any violence of any sort, but what's she shovin' me for, doesn't she love me no more, wasn't she
huggin' me four minutes ago at the door, man, i'm this close to goin' toe-to-toe with this
whore, what would you do if she was tellin' you she wants a divorce, she's havin' another baby
in a month, and it's yours, and you find out it isn't cause this bitch has been visitin' someone
else, and suckin' his dick and kissin' you on the lips when you get back, to Michigan, now the
plot is thickenin' worse, cause you feel like you've been stickin' your fuckin' dick in a
hearse, so you paranoid at every little cold that you get, ever since they told you this shit,
you've been holdin' your dick, so you go to the clinic, sweatin' every minute you in it, then
the doctor comes out lookin' like Dennis the Menace, and it's obvious to everyone in the lobby
it's AIDS, he ain't even gotta call you in his office to say it, so you jet back home, cause you
gon' get that hoe, when you see her, you gon' bend her fuckin' neck back, yo', cause you love
her, you never would expect that blow, Obie told you the scoop, how could she stoop that low,
Jesus, I don't believe this, bitch works at the cleaners, bringin' me home diseases, swingin'
from Obie's penis, she's so deceivin', shit this hoe's a genius, she g'd us...

[CHORUS]

I'm busy, yeah, fuck these bitches, fuck 'em all, get money, Shady records, Obie Trice, Eminem,
motherfucker, new millenium shit, yeah, turn this shit off, turn this shit the fuck off...

###"Never Enough"###

[Eminem]
There's not much you could do or say to phase me
People think I'm a little bit crazy
I get it from all angles, even occasionally Doc Dre-zie'll
Have to step in every once in a while to save me
To make me stop and think about it 'fore I just say things
Sometimes I forget what other people just may think
A lot of rappers probably wouldn't know how to take me
If they heard some shit, I'd lay the tape 'fore they erase me
I maybe a little too fast paced and racy
Sometimes the average listener rewinds and plays me twenty times
cuz I say so many rhymes, it may seem like I'm goin too fast cuz my mind is racing
And I could give a fuck what category you place me
Long as when I'm pushing up daisies and gone
As long as you place me amongst one of them greats
When I hit the heavenly gates I'll be cool beside Jay-Z
For every single die hard fan who embraced me
I'm thankful for the talent in which God gave me
And I'm thankful for the environment that he placed me
Believe it or not, I thank my mom for how she raised me
In the neighborhood daily, they jumped and chased me
It only made me what I am today, see
Regardless of what anybody believes who hates me
You ain't gonna make or break me
Tryna strip me of my credibility and make me look fake, G
You're only gonna be in for a rude awakening
Cuz sooner or later you haters are all gonna face me
And when you face me with all the shit you've been saving to say to me
You had all this time to think about it
Now don't pussy out and try to about face me
Cuz I've been patiently waiting for the day
That we finally meet in the same place to see

[Chorus x2 - Nate Dogg]
No matter how many battles I been in and won
No matter how many magazines on my nuts
No matter how many MC's I eat up
Ooh ooh, it's never enough

[50 Cent]
My flow's untouchable now you gotta face it
Uh oh, it gets worse when I go back to the basics
You go say the wrong shit and get your face split
The smell of victory, love it so much I can taste it
I spot my target, blaze it, direct hit
Graze it, your peace talk, save it
You shit sounds dated, you're overrated
I'm obligated to study your moves then crush you mutherfuckers
If I'm the best and the worst, then God's gift is a curse
Soldier trained to destroy, you payin' attention boy?
I spit shit, slick shit, so quick you miss it
To be specific I go ballistic as hieroglyphic
My music is a drug, press play, you ain't gotta sniff it
Chew it or pop it, roll a bag or chop it
Get your high over and over, but you gotta cop it
When it's hot, it's hot
Your hatin' is undeniable, stop it

[Chorus x2]

###"Not Afraid"###

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)

Yeah, it's been a ride
I guess I had to, go to that place, to get to this one
Now some of you, might still be in that place
If you're trying to get out, just follow me
I'll get you there

You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em
'Cause ain't no way I'mma let you stop me from causing mayhem
When I say I'mma do something I do it,
I don't give a damn what you think,
I'm doing this for me, so fuck the world
Feed it beans, it's gassed up, if it thinks it's stopping me
I'mma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly
And all those who look down on me I'm tearing down your balcony
No ifs, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he
From "Infinite" down to the last "Relapse" album
He's still shitting, whether he's on salary paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
He's married to the game, like a "fuck you" for Christmas
His gift is a curse, forget the Earth, he's got the urge
To pull his dick from the dirt, and fuck the whole universe

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)

Okay quit playing with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in the rhythm for you to know it's a rap
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth,
For that fuck your feelings/fillings,
Instead of getting crowned you're getting capped
And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise,
in fact let's be honest,
that last "Relapse" CD was eh
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Relax, I ain't going back to that now
All I'm trying to say is get back, click-clack, blow
'Cause I ain't playing around
It's a game called circle and I don't know how, I'm way too up to back down
But I think I'm still trying to figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fucking black cloud
Still follows me around but it's time to exorcise these demons
These motherfuckers are doing jumping jacks now!

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)

And I just can't keep living this way
So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage
I'm standing up, I'mma face my demons
I'm manning up, I'mma hold my ground
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now! (now)

It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally
For you, so I could come back a brand-new me you helped see me through
And don't even realize what you did, 'cause believe me you
I've been through the ringer, but they could do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers
And drop dead, no more beef lingers
No more drama from now on, I wanna promise
To focus solely on handling my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters
And raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it!
'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Or the corner pub, and lift the whole liquor counter up
'Cause I'm raising the bar
I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars
I feel amazing and I'm...

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road (same road)

###"Cum On Everybody"###

[Girl]
Hmm-hmm-hmhmhmmhm.. ahhh, whooooo!! Shit
[Em]
Yo, mic check
Testing one, two, um... twelve
(whattup whattup whattup.. Outsidaz)
[Em]
This is my dance song (Outsidaz)
Can you hear me?
(Rah Digga, Pacewon, Young Zee)
[Em]
Aight, ay turn my headphones up
(bust it bust it)

[Eminem]
My favoite color is red, like the blood shed
from Kurt Cobain's head, when he shot himself dead
Women all grabbin at my shishkabob
Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve
(I can't stand white people!)
You thought I was livid, now I'm even more so
Shit I got full blown AIDS and a sore throat
I got a wardrobe with an orange robe {*wolf whistle*}
I'm in the fourth row, signin autographs at your show
(Yo can you sign this right here?)
I just remembered that I'm absent minded
Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it
I'm freestylin every verse that I spit
cause I don't even remember the words to my shit (umm, one two)
I told the doc I need a change in sickness
and gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis
Put my LP on your Christmas gift list
You wanna get high, here bitch just sniff this

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight [8X]

[Eminem]
Yo.. yo yo yo yo
I tried suicide once and I'll try it again
That's why I write songs where I die at the end
Cause I don't give a fuck, like my middle finger was stuck
and I was wavin it at everybody screamin, "I suck" (I SUCK!!!)
I go on stage in front of a sellout crowd
and yell out loud, "All y'all get the hell out now"
Fuck rap, I'm givin it up y'all, I'm sorry
(But Eminem this is your record release party!)
I'm bored out of my gourd -- so I took a hammer 
and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford
Guess I'm just a sick sick bastard
who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket (I ain't got it all)
One Excederin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet
I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage
(ohhhhhhh) And if you ever see a video for this shit
I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight [8X]

[Eminem]
Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit
Cause they think that I'm a motherfuckin Beastie Boy {*wolf whistle*}
So I told em I was Mike D
They was like, "Gee I don't know, he might be!"
I told em, "Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert
I'll be standin by the Loch Ness Monster (okay) peace out (bye!!)"
Then I jetted to the weed house
Smoked out til I started bustin freestyles
Broke out then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick
Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick (*slurping*}
Made a couple of crank calls collect [*brrrrrrring, click*]
"Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept?"
I wanna make songs all the fellas dub
And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of
So just remember when I bomb your set
Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight [20X]

###"Medicine Ball"###

Oh, my goodness
What have I done
Oh no
I can't believe it
It's like I've got the whole world in my palm
And I'm ready to drop bombs

Welcome to the Slim Shady Mecca Rebecca
It's the village in New York right next to the Tribeca
That's my sector
Homosexual dissector
Come again rewind selector

I said nice rectum
I had a vasectomy Hector
So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually wreck ya
Hannibal Lecter into guy sex and I bet ya
I tantalize ya in less than five seconds I get ya

They say once bitten and twice shy
Well lie next to the guy
With nine ecstasy pills and five extra boxes of ribbed condoms in quantities
Why yes sir
I took the rest of the Lunesta pills from my dresser

That's my kinda vibe what else should I try Lester
Drop-kick the bitch before her second trimester
Perform the home abortion with Dexter
Then I guess I'll dig her fetus out
With a wire hanger then digest her

I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball you're all in

I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
My medicine ball you're in my medicine ball friends

All my West Side bitches throw it up
Put a balloon inside your pussy, queef and blow it up
Man I think that he just fell off the deep end, sure enough
So you better change the station to keep from throwing up

Man you seen it all before you're all too familiar with it
There's a penis on the floor and two balls so you know who did it
You know you with it girl don't front, oh no you didn't I won't rape all the Pussycat Dolls? Nicole you kidding?

I'll pee on Rihanna
See man I do what I wanna
Spray perfume in the sauna room
Crazy-gluing Madonna
To the La-Z-Boy sofa
Fold her in two then sit on her
Imagine a visual for that man

Who would've thought I could ever be such a relentless prick
Unleashing his vengeance
But the chick's so old
She looks like she outlived a life sentence
I never meant this rhyme to be so offensive
If you weren't so defensive
It wouldn't be
You're so sensitive

I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball you're all in

I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
My medicine ball you're in my medicine ball friends

Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand
Kick it up and push him and lead him right into quicksand
Here you need a hand, big man, grab hold of this branch
With both hands, man they don't understand I'm just a sick man

Now everybody's pissed at me like it's my fault
His name rhymes with so many different words
Jeeze
So one last time, Mister Christopher Reeves
Won't you break it down for me and just spit the verse please

Eminem I'm coming to kill you
Always hated you and I still do
You'll never fill my shoes
My Superman costume
Doesn't even fit you they don't feel you

You're taking this shit too far
Who d'you think you are?
Hang my suit up in the armoire
Every day I hate you more and more
Throw down the cardboard
Let's break-dance if you think you're hardcore

I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball you're all in

I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end
My medicine ball you're in my medicine ball friends

The world is mine!

###"Cleanin Out My Closet"###

Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones. There you go
Yeah... yo, yo

Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have; I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind
All this commotion emotions run deep as oceans, exploding
Tempers flaring from parents just blow 'em off and keep going
Not taking nothing from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathing
Keep kicking ass in the morning and taking names in the evening
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now; I bet you're probably sick of me now ain't you mama?
I'mma make you look so ridiculous now

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'mma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't. On second thought I just fucking wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face them today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take them bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'da killed him; shit I would've shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to "The Eminem Show"

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissing
But put yourself in my position; just try to envision
Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitching that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missing
Going through public housing systems, victim of Münchausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to your stomach
Doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma?
But guess what? You're getting older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's getting so big now; you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral!
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song, keep telling yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch; I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what, I am dead, dead to you as can be!

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet (one more time)
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet

###"Without Me"###

[Obie Trice:]
Obie Trice
Real name no gimmicks

[Eminem:]
Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside
Two trailer-park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside

Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back

I've created a monster
'Cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more
They want Shady I'm chopped liver
Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Some vodka that'll jump-start my heart
Quicker than a shock
When I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor
When I'm not cooperating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!)

You waited this long now stop debating
'Cause I'm back I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating

So the FCC won't let me be
Or let me be me so let me see
They try to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me

So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that
Cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits
Fuck you, Debbie!

Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners, helpless
'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch"

A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution
Polluting the air waves a rebel
So just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
And it's a disaster
Such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass
You ask for me?

Well I'm back
Fix your bent antennae
Tune it in and then I'm gonna enter in
And up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter

I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting
Testing attention please
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?

Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

A tisk-it a task-it
I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards

And Moby
You can get stomped by Obie
You 36 year old bald-headed fag blow me
You don't know me
You're too old
Let go
It's over, nobody listens to techno

Now let's go, just give me the signal
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol

But sometimes the shit just seems
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting
But it's just me I'm just obscene

No, I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)

There's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea
It'd be so empty without me

Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

Kids

###"Square Dance"###

People! It feels so good to be back
Ladies and gentleman, introducing the new and improved you know who

Never been the type to bend or budge
The wrong button to push
No friend of Bush
I'm the centerpiece, you're a Maltese
I'm a pitbull off his leash
All this peace talk can cease
All these people I had to leave in limbo
I'm back now
I've come to release this info
I'll be brief and let me just keep shit simple
Can-I-Bitch don't want no beef with Slim?
No!
Not even on my radar
So won't you please jump off my dick
Lay off and stay off
And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos from seance to seance
Aw-a-aw-ch-a-aw

You all c'mon now
Let's all get on down
Let's do-si-do now
We're gon' have a good old time
Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about
Let your hair down
And square dance with me!

Let your hair down to the track
Yeah kick on back
Boo!
The boogie monster of rap
Yeah the man's back
With a plan to ambush this Bush administration
Mush the Senate's face and push this generation
Of kids to stand and fight for the right to say something you might not like
This white hot light
That I'm under
No wonder
I look so sunburnt
Oh no
I won't leave no stone unturned
Oh no I won't leave
Won't go nowhere
Do-si-do
Oh, yo, ho, hello there
Oh yeah don't think I won't go there
Go to Beirut and do a show there
Yeah you laugh 'til your motherfuckin' ass gets drafted
While you're at band camp thinkin' that crap can't happen
Till you fuck around
Get an anthrax napkin
Inside a package wrapped in saran Wrap wrapping
Open the plastic and then you stand back gasping
Fuckin' assassins hi-jackin' Amtraks crashing
All this terror America demands action
Next thing you know you've got Uncle Sam's ass askin'
To join the army or what you'll do for their Navy
You just a baby
Gettin' recruited at eighteen
You're on a plane now
Eating their food and their baked beans
I'm 28
They gonna take you 'fore they take me
Crazy insane or insane crazy?
When I say Hussein you say Shady
My views ain't changed still Inhumane
Wait
Arraigned two days late
The date's today
Hang me!

You all c'mon now
Let's all get on down
Let's do-si-do now
We're gon' have a good old time
Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about
Let your hair down
And square dance with me!

You all c'mon now
Let's all get on down
Let's do-si-do now
We're gon' have a good old time
Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about
Let your hair down
And square dance with me!

Nothin' moves me more than a groove that soothes me
Nothin' soothes me more than a groove
that boosts me
Nothin' boosts me more
Or suits me beautifully
There's nothin' you can do to me
Stab me
Shoot me
Psychotic
Hypnotic, product I got the antibiotic
Ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada
God I talk a lot of hem-de-lay-la-la-la
oochie walla walla um da dah da dah da but you gotta gotta
Keep movin'
There's more music to make
Keep makin' new shit
Produce hits to break
the monotony
What's gotten into me?
Drugs, rock and Hennessy
Thug like I'm 'Pac on my enemies
On your knees
Got you under siege
Somebody you would give a lung to be hungry
Like a fuckin' younger me
Fuck the fee
I can get you jumped for free
Yeah buddy
Laugh it's funny
I have the money to have you killed by somebody who has nothing
I'm past bluffing
Pass the K-Y
Let's get ready for some intense
serious ass fucking!

You all c'mon now
Let's all get on down
Let's do-si-do now
We're gon' have a good old time
Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about
Let your hair down
And square dance with me!

You all c'mon now
Let's all get on down
Let's do-si-do now
We're gon' have a good old time
Don't be scared, 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about
Let your hair down
And square dance with me!

Dr. Dre. wants to square dance with me
Nasty Nas wants to square dance with me
X to the Z wants to square dance with me
Busta Rhymes wants to square dance with me
Can-I-Bitch won't square dance with me
Fan-a-bitch, won't square dance with me
Canada-bis, don't want no parts of me
Dirty Dozen wants to square dance with you

###"Untitled"###

(You don't own me. Don't try to change me)
Nah man
Not quite finished yet

Girl, I think,
You just might've tried to pull a motherfucking fast one, I'm mad
You just hurt my goddamn feeling, and that was the last one I had
Does this look like an arcade? Tryna play games?
See this saw blade? See the silhouette of a stalker
In your walk-way? Better co-operate
Or get sautéed and rotisseried while you're hog-tied
MCs get so quiet you can hear a motherfucking dog whistle when I walk by
'Colt Seavers' on a mule, stunting on that ass like the fucking Fall Guy
I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a Mogwai
'Cause it will turn into a Gremlin and run over kids, women and men
Vrinn-vrinn! Motor's so big you can fit a midget in his engine
Bitch, give me them digits, why you're cringin'
Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin
Will I spend-spend even ten cents on you, since when
Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny?
Shit, if I think a penny's pretty
Just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me
Eenie meenie miney mo,
Catch an Eskimo by his toe (you don't own me)
While he's trying to roll a snowball,
But don't make him lose his cool
If he hollers better let him go ya'll, 'cause (you don't own me)

Now here we go go go

Get up! Baby, get a move on, like a U-Haul
You can rack your brain like pool balls
You won't ever think of this shit
Yeah, honey you called?
Well, here I come, Havoc on the beat, I wreak it
Evil I see, hear and speak it
Lady, put your money on Shady
Fuck that other weak shit
Put your eggs in the same basket
You can count every motherfucking chicken 'fore it hatches
'Cause, you can bet your ass that we gon' get it crackin'
Like the Kraken and Titans when they're clashin'
Get your brains bashed in so bad
You gon' have Kurt Cobain askin'
To autograph a bloodstained napkin
Unfashionable and 'bout as rational
As a rash on a fag's asshole
Now let's take that line, run it up the flag pole with Elton
See if he's cool with it
Don't stand there and look stupid at me, bitch
I ain't in the mood for this shit
Get my dick, Google it 'til it pops up
Ya'll are so motherfucking full of shit that you're stopped up
Me, I'm always shitting diarrhea of the mouth
'Til your speakers crap out [*fart*] "Ohp, what?"
Girl, you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette "Chik-Chigarette"
But you won't get a hot fudge Sundae from me
So do not strut my way, slut! Because...

You don't own me

Here we go go go

And now that I got your panties in a bunch
And your bowels in an uproar
I'mma show you why I came
So you stop asking me what the fuck for
Now look you little slut, cunt, whore I know you want more,
Bitch, it's time to put the 'Math' back in the Mathers
'Cause I'm a fucking problem, run boy!
Every flow got it mastered
So every last word that you fucking fags heard
Comes straight from the fish's ass, yeah
In other words I'm a bass-turd!
Looking at me like I killed Kenny
Gas in the tank, yeah still plenty
No morals are instilled in me
So remorse I really don't feel any
Eat your heart out, Hannibal
Understandable why you're jealous, fucking animal
I got cannibal magnetism, can't resist him now, can ya hoe?
Shady, I don't understand your flow.
Understand my flow?
Bitch, I flow like Troy Polamalu's hair, boy.
Don't you dare try to follow or compare, boy.
I'm raw, you ain't even medium rare
Stay the fuck outta my hair, boy!
You can look, you can stare and point
But you can't touch -- I'm too clairvoyant.
I don't get it man, is there a void
All this weak shit, what am I steroids?
Well, bitch, I'm back with some shit for that ass
And your trunk, elephant hemorrhoids

And remember boys

You don't own me

Now here we go go go

Thank you for coming out
Hope you enjoyed the show
'Til next time

Ha ha

Peace!

###"We're Back"###

[Intro]

Shady, we're back

[Verse 1 - Eminem]

Nothin' can stop and nothin' can change it
you better just make new living arrangements,
if you think your the top and king of the castle
You about to get thrown off the throne and ripped a new asshole
All I hear is, I'm best at this an I'm best at that,
but I don't hear my name No man brought up in rap
and I don't usually trip or dare get caught up in that
but when they say one of the best, I'm nowhere thought of as that
Not even the same league as Jay-Z
Nas, Pac, Biggie or maybe they'll name me
Somewhere down at the bottom right after AZ
or say "he ripped that Biggie verse or that Jay-Z
Yo, his verses were crazy on that Renegade beat
but I ain't never bought no whole CD of Shady
And I all I hear is pop tunes come on the rad-i-o
And they play 'em 20 times in a row daily"
And that very well may be the same reason they don't say me
when they speak on hip-hop legends which has amazed me
Cause I thought the formula was to hit mainstream
and make it big-big-big-big-b-baby

[Verse 2 - Obie Trice]

So maybe the 80's made me crazy, I been tryin' to get my weight
up since the A Slim Shady gave me the gate key, paid the ways
So lately mind state's get better each day, replay my relay race
when I was chasin' the a fey at 18, 8 years later his voice in Beijing
no choice I chase cream so..

[Eminem]

Shady, we're back

[Verse 3 - Stat Quo]

This is what I eat, sleep, breath an feed my kids whatever I feel my family needs
I treat the mic like the block, fought with my rocks an squeeze critics who expect me to under achieve
I just deal with the hate I receive, I rollin' back my sleeves, ? show other bree with bran wrapped to
his knees?
An tell him suck my dick, take a bow an leave with a sack full of amar cheese, I found it hard to believe
Who the bullet perceive to be G's an claim there runnin' shit, nigga I run me
An as a kid, teacher said I had a mouth on me, that same mouth got me the deal with Dre and E
Folk in the hood asking where I be, dawg I'm out in Hawaii, don't like it drink my pee
Record songs for the Detox LP, feet don't fail heat, niggas got me bent like cranberry and bellvee?
I'm gonna die wealthy, boss of the game, what the fuck they goin' tell me, A-Town's own tre, Aftermath Shady

[Eminem]

Shady, we're back

[Verse 4 - Bobby Creek]

Y'all market y'all own block, they see me ???? that, rap game's an old flame my nigga I want 'em back
Like mic check, pimp for what it's worth I got the right knit, sittin' here excited by some shit that
ain't right yet
No regret, live by a cold June, no bot, y'all niggas won't be satisfied 'till I show ??, go out on the
limb with Em 'cause I'm with him, put a barrel to they apparel to you an some of them
Stand a chance at the dance without a bowtie, Shady Records re-introduced you niggas to multi, so
hot, all the light that they given me an the haters like a chauffer because it's have driven me
To a view with a vendetta, I am the epitome, I don't give a fuck about you nigga I'm just livin' me
We the reason for the season so I'm just breezin' through the track, nigga

[Eminem]

Shady

[Verse 5 - Cashis]

I can prove I'm here to do somethin' you never do, from hand to hand coke sales for my revenue
I ain't been to a bucks an why I ain't snuck a weapon through, there's no
background reveals a 1-8-7-2, 'till the block I'm the truth, to the cops I'm the proof
And if a nigga's still out there you just gotta shoot, I carry over my street ethics to the booth
In the Shady crime fam, Al Capone in his youth, the difference between me an you, I already done an
lived the street life, niggas run away from it, you follow my life, in the Midwest blunted, pitchfork's
held high, 4 5th by the stomach, you find me right now on the C.A. streets, I'm on the roof of the
building shootin' at police, some of the homies feel opposition can't kill me, I'm gonna walkin' obituary,
death live in me, I take life through the pen by the way I'm see I'll have you raped in the pen, like
American meat
I'm connected gettin' weight, from MS-13 with SK's, AR's an Mini-14's, I'm Ca$his, the last of
the real, were strapped on Prozac B's and E pills, it's the rap, got the block on tip, 2 ???? of crack
I'm in the light dark contract, Shady's back, nigga

[Eminem]

Shady, we're back
Ha, I told you we was back
Ha ha ha

###"Under The Influence"###

[Eminem] 
Translation
So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick - ha ha!
Two pills I pop, 'til my pupils swell up like two pennies
I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties
A young ass man with a trash can strapped to the back of his ass
so the rats can't chew through his last pants
I'm like a mummy at night, fightin with bright lightning
Frightened with five little white Vicadin pills bitin him
I'm like a fuckin wasp in the hospital lost
Stingin the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls
I light a candle and place it up on the mantle
Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin handle
So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin
[Swifty] Bitch it's too late
[Eminem] Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains

[Swifty]
I'm an instigator, .380 slug penetrator
Degradin, creatin murders to kill haters
Accused for every crime known through the equator
They knew I did it (uh-huh) for havin blood on my 'gators
My weed'll hit yo' chest like a double barrel gauge an'
I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in yo' face [*BLAM*]
With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remi I do shit on purpose
You never hear me say, "Forgive me"
I'm snatchin every penny - it gotta be that way nigga, face it
That weed I sold to you, Brigade laced it
You hidin, I make the president get a facelift
Niggaz just afraid, handin me they bracelets
Chillin in the lab wasted
I'm the type that'll drink Kahlua and gin - throw up on the mic
Your life is ruined, you get socked right on site
And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight

[Chorus: Eminem]

So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick
Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick

[Bizarre]
I'm a compulsive liar, settin my preacher on fire
Slashin your tires, flyin down Fenkel and Meyers
Plates expired, soon as I'm hired, I'm fired
Jackin my dick off in a bed of barbed wire
(Hey, is Bizarre performing?) Bitch didn't you read the flyer?
Special invited guest will be, Richard Pryor
(Aren't you a male dancer?) Nah bitch, I'm retired
Fuckin your bitch in the ass with a tire iron
I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip
My DJ's in a coma for lettin the record skip.. [needle pops]
Lettin the record skip.. [needle pops]
Lettin the record skip.. [needle pops] (Damn!)
[DJ reverses the record and scratches it back on beat]
I'm fuckin anything when I'm snortin
It's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my pit bull an abortion
[dog whines] Some bitch asked for my autograph
I called her a whore, spit beer in her face and laughed
I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam
All bitches is hoes, even my stinkin ass mom

[Proof]
Aiyyo flashback, two feets, two deep up in that ass crack
Weed laced with somethin [*gun cocks*] nigga pass that
In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats
At a 'Stop the Violence' rally, I blast gats
Be your mom on publishin, get your ASCAP-ped
The Kuniva, divide up your cash stack
Run your motherfuckin pockets, ASAP
I don't need a platinum chain, bitch I snatch Shaq's
Born loser, half theif and half black
Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at
Bitch smacker, rich rappers get they Jag jacked
and found chopped up in a trash bag

[Kuniva]
We stranglin rappers until the point they can't yell
cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales
Reckless, come from behind and snatch your necklace
Gruesome, and causin more violence than nine hoodlums
I grapple your adam's apple until it crackle
Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you
Get executed, cuz I'm a "Luni"
I got a "Yukmouth" and it's polluted
I cock it back then shoot it
I love snatchin up players thugs and young ballers
Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers
Brigade barricade to bring the noise
While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys
If I go solo, I'm doin a song with Bolo
A big Chinese nigga, screamin "Kuniva yo yo.."
I leave ya face leakin, run up in church 
and smack the preacher while he's preachin
Take a swing at the deacon

[Kon Artis]
I used to tell cats I sold weed and weight
I was straight 'til I got caught sellin em shake
I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch your rent
I got kicked out of summer camp for havin sex in my tent
with the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order
I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin in water
In cahoots with this nigga named Carlisle Von
who got fired from UPS for tryin to send you a bomb
(Special delivery!) I signed to a local label for fun
Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run
Driveby you in the rain while you carry your son
Call your house and hang up on you for not givin me none
Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun
Got a reputation for havin niggaz runnin they funds
Used to be the type of nigga that was foldin some one's
'til I met your fat mama, now I'm rollin in dough

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Haha.. suck my motherfuckin dick
D-12.. Dirty motherfuckin Dozen
Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin husbands
Bizarre kid
Swifty McVeigh
The Kon Artis
The Kuniva
Dirty Harry
Haha, and Slim Shady..

###"Bagpipes From Baghdad"###

Ohh, it's music to my ears
Oh man, how can I describe the way I feel?
Fuckin' great, man
Okay, let me see, how could I begin?

Locked in Mariah's wine cellar, all I had for lunch
Was bread, wine, more bread, wine and Cap'n Crunch
Red wine for breakfast and for brunch
And to soak it up and in between snack crackers to munch

Mariah, whatever happened to us?
Why did we have to break up? All I asked for was a glass of punch
You see I never really asked for much
I can't imagine what's goin' through you mind
After such a nasty break up

With that Latin hunk Luis Miguel
Nick Cannon better back the fuck up
I'm not playin', I want her back you punk
This is Hello Kitty bedspread satin funk

Mixed with Egyptian, with a little rap and punk
Zap and Eric Clapton shaft brings Abba crunk
And yeah baby, I want another crack at ya
You can beat me with any spatula that you want

I mean I really want ya bad, you cunt
Nick, you had your fun, I've come to kick you in your sack of junk
Man, I could use a fresh batch of blood
So prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupuncture

[Chorus:]
Bagpipes from Baghdad
When will it ever cease for Pete's sakes, he's crazy to say the least
Bagpipes from Baghdad
What's goin' through my mind half the time
When my rhyme are blowin' up my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
Somebody turn the 'Vacancy' sign on 'cause I'm gone blowin' up my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
I run the streets and act like a mad man holdin' a glad

You can be a permanent fixture in my lyrical mixture
I'm the miracle whip, a trickster
My signature sound when the tube of lipsticks surround
I'm bound to put it on in an instant, wow, man

What an ensemble, what an assortment of pharmaceuticals
This beautiful pill dust in my palm
Cuticles get residue just from touching the bottle
Never knew I could remind me so much of my mama

I cut you like Dahmer, pull a butcher knife on ya
The size of a sword, boy, I'm like the fuckin' Red Sonja
Get it stuck in your cornea, nice knowin' ya Norman
You're so fuckin' annoyin', drop the shovel, boy

You don't know what the fuck you're doin'
I ain't playin' no fuckin' more
Nick Cannon you prick, I wish you luck with the fuckin' whore
Every minute there's a sucka born
Snuck up on Malakai and made the motherfuckers suck
On a shucka corn

Shucka, shucka corn, shucka corn
Hit Jason in the face with a hockey puck and told him it's fuckin' on
Now what the fuck are ya doin'? You're runnin' over the snow blower
With the lawnmower blowing your bagpipes from Baghdad

[Chorus]

In the bed with two brain dead lesbian vegetables
I bet you they become heterosexual
Nothin' will stop me from molestin' you
Titty fuckin' you 'till your breast nipple flesh tickles my testicles

Is what they said, to the two conjoined twins
"How's it going girlfriends, you need a boyfriend?"
You need some ointment, just set up an appointment
Who's gonna see the doctor first, we'll do a coin flip

I just got my one year sobriety coin chip
When the bad get goin', how bad does the goin' get?
Baby, you shouldn't have any trouble rubbin' groins with
Each other, especially when you're joined at the hip

I'm goin' to get the needle and thread from the sowin' kit
And attempt to separate 'em, and stitch them back at the loins, shit
Knew the little boy with the chocolate chips, ahoy chip
Cookie looky, even took me a Polaroid

[Chorus]

###"Headlights"###

[Verse 1: Nate Ruess]
Mom, I know I let you down
And though you say the days are happy
Why is the power off, and I'm fucked up?
And, Mom, I know he's not around
But don't you place the blame on me
As you pour yourself another drink, yeah.

[Hook: Nate Ruess]
I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I went in headfirst
Never thinking about who what I said hurt, in what verse
My mom probably got it the worst
The brunt of it, but as stubborn as we are
Did I take it too far?
"Cleaning Out My Closet" and all them other songs
But regardless I don't hate you 'cause, Ma,
You're still beautiful to me, 'cause you're my mom
Though far be it from you to be calm, our house was Vietnam
Desert Storm and both of us put together can form an atomic bomb equivalent to Chemical warfare
And forever we can drag this on and on
But, agree to disagree
That gift from me up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me
You're kicking me out? It's 15 degrees and it's Christmas Eve (little prick just leave)
Ma, let me grab my fucking coat, anything to have each other's goats
Why we always at each other's throats?
Especially when dad, he fucked us both
We're in the same fucking boat, you'd think that it'd make us close (nope)
Further away it drove us, but together headlights shine, a car full of belongings
Still got a ways to go, back to grandma's house it's straight up the road
And I was the man of the house, the oldest, so my shoulders carried the weight of the load
Then Nate got taken away by the state at eight years old,
And that's when I realized you were sick and it wasn't fixable or changeable
And to this day we remained estranged and I hate it though, but

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Eminem]
'Cause to this day we remain estranged and I hate it though
'Cause you ain't even get to witness your grand babies grow
But I'm sorry, Mama, for "Cleaning Out My Closet", at the time I was angry
Rightfully maybe so, never meant that far to take it though,
'cause now I know it's not your fault, and I'm not making jokes
That song I no longer play at shows and I cringe every time it's on the radio
And I think of Nathan being placed in a home
And all the medicine you fed us
And how I just wanted you to taste your own,
But now the medications taken over
And your mental state's deteriorating slow
And I'm way too old to cry, the shit is painful though
But, Ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan, yo
All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both
Foster care, that cross you bear, few may be as heavy as yours
But I love you, Debbie Mathers, oh, what a tangled web we have,
'cause one thing I never asked was
Where the fuck my deadbeat dad was
Fuck it, I guess he had trouble keeping up with every address
But I'd have flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus
Own a collection of maps and followed my kids to the edge of the atlas
Someone ever moved them from me? That you coulda bet your asses
If I had to come down the chimney dressed as Santa, kidnap them
And although one has only met their grandma once
You pulled up in our drive one night as we were leaving to get some hamburgers
Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you
And as you left I had this overwhelming sadness come over me
As we pulled off to go our separate paths,
And I saw your headlights as I looked back
And I'm mad I didn't get the chance to thank you for being my Mom and my Dad
So, Mom, please accept this as a tribute I wrote this on the jet
I guess I had to get this off my chest,
I hope I get the chance to lay it before I'm dead
The stewardess said to fasten my seatbelt, I guess we're crashing
So if I'm not dreaming, I hope you get this message that I'll always love you from afar
'Cause you're my Ma

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Nate Ruess]
I want a new life (start over)
One without a cause (clean slate)
So I'm coming home tonight (yeah)
Well, no matter what the cost
And if the plane goes down
Or if the crew can't wake me up
Well, just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Oh, even if there's songs to sing
Well, my children will carry me
Just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Because I put my faith in my little girls
So I never say, "Goodbye, cruel world."
Just know that I'm alright
I am not afraid to die

[Hook]

I want a new life

###"Puke"###

[Sounds of someone puking]

There I go--thinking of you again

[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem
But off of the dome would probably be a little more, more suitable for this type of song--whoa
I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I could think of
Sixteen bars, this ain't enough to put some ink ta
So fuck it, I'ma start right here I'll just be brief I'm
Bout to rattle off some of the reasons
I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo of you
On my arm, but what do I go and do
I go and get another one, now I got two
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
Now I'm sittin' here with your name on my skin
I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again
My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim
Shi-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-it
If you only knew how much I hated you
For every motherfuckin' thing you ever put us through
Then I wouldn't be standing here crying over you
Boo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-who

[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter
But I thought a song would probably be a little better
Instead of a letter
That you'd probably just shred up--yeah
I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of
How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink ta, a stupid piece a
Paper, I'd rather let you see how
Much I fuckin' hate you in a freestyle
You're a fuckin' coke-head slut, I hope you fuckin' die
I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye
I hate your fuckin' guts, you fuckin' slut, I hope you die
Di-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-ie
But please don't get me wrong, I'm not bitter or mad
It's not that I still love you, it's not 'cause I want you back
It's just that when I think of you, it makes me wanna
Gag-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-ag
What else can I do, I haven't got a clue
Now I guess I'll just move on, I have no choice but to
But every time I think of you now all I wanna do
Is pu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uke

[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you, I puke

Fuckin' bitch

###"One Shot 2 Shot"###

I told ya'll motherfuckers I was coming back
Shit
What now nigga what now what
Brewster Projects nigga

[Eminem:]
One shot two shot three shots four shots
All I hear is gunshots
This is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor
Music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door
Somebody's licking shots off

[Bizarre:]
Security's gone I'm trapped in the club
And I'm tryna run and get my motherfucking gun
(Nigga what about your wife)
Nigga fuck my wife I'm tryna run and save my motherfucking life
Oh shit, the shooter's comin'
Bitches hollering, niggas running
People shot all over the floor
And I'm tryna make it to the St. Andrew's door
Hey man
That's the sound of the Glock
Even DJ House Shoes fucked around and got shot
I done messed around and forgot my TEC
I don't see nobody but Fatt Father and Hex

[Kuniva:]
(Kuniva you alright)
These niggas is trippin'
(Where's Bizarre at?)
(I don't know, man)
I'm tryna slip through the exit and get to where my car is at
Bitches screaming everywhere and niggas is wildin'
Two minutes ago we was all joking and smiling
This chick is clinging on to me sobbing and sighing
Saying she didn't mean to diss me earlier and she crying
But it's real and it's on and caps is getting peeled
So I hugged her and used her body as a human shield
And she got hit now she's yelling
(Don't leave me!)
I told her I'd be right back and the dumb bitch believed me
I squeezed through the back door and made my escape
I ran and got my .38 I hope it's not too late

[Eminem:]
One shot two shot three shots four shots
All I hear is gunshots
This is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor
Music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door
Somebody's licking shots off

[Swifty:]
(Nigga I've been tryna call you all day motherfucker where you at?)
I'm on 7 Mile what the fuck was that
Damn somebody hit me from the back
(With what? Their car?)
With a gat nigga and my tire flat
And I just hit a pole, them niggas some hoes
(Is you hit?)
I don't know
But I can tell you what they drove
It was a black Mitsubishi with
(Shit that's the clique we beefing with.)
Man! (I swear!)
And I was on my way there
Believe me I'm leaving a carcass today
And I'mma park my car and walk the rest of the way
I'm in the mood to strut, my AK ain't even tucked
I'm gonna meet you at the club we're gonna fuck these hoes up

[Eminem:]
One shot two shot three shots four shots
All I hear is gunshots
This is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor
Music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door
Somebody's licking shots off

[Eminem:]
I've never seen no shit like this in my life before
People are still camped out from the night before
Sleeping outside the door waiting in line
Still tryna get inside the club to see D12 perform
The fire marshals know the venue's too small
People are wall to wall three thousand and some odd fans
And some cum-wad from out the parking lot
Gets in an argument over a parking spot
Decides to pull his gun out and lets a few of 'em off
Missed who he's aiming for six feet away's the door
Into St. Andrew's Hall
Now the strays flying all over the place
Grazed one bitch in the face another one of 'em came through the wall
Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off
I'm posted up at the bar having a Mazel Tov
Bullet whizzed right by my ear damn near shot it off
Thank God I'm alive I gotta find Denaun
And where the fuck is Von? He usually tucks one on him
Wait a minute I think I just saw Bizarre
Nah I guess not, what the fuck oh my God it was
I never saw him run so fast in my life
Look at him hauling ass I think he left his wife
There she is on the ground being trampled
I go to grab her up by the damn hand but I can't pull her
God damn there just went another damn bullet I'm hit
My vest is barely able to handle it, it's too thin
If I get hit again I can't do it, I scoop Dee
Follow Bizarre's path ran through it
Made it to the front door and collapsed on the steps
Looked up and I seen Swift shooting it out
But I can't see who he's shooting it out with
But Denaun's right behind him squeezing his four-fifth

[Eminem:]
One shot two shot three shots four shots
All I hear is gunshots
This is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor
Music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door
Somebody's licking shots off

[Kon Artis:]
It's Friday night came to this bitch right
Big ass in my left hand, Desert Eagle in my right
I ain't come in this bitch to party I came in this bitch to fight
Although I can't stay here to fight 'cause I'm popping niggas tonight
That's right bitches I'm drunk with revenge
Shot a bouncer in the neck for tryna check when I get in
Swift told me to meet him here so it's clear that this schmuck
That shot out the back of his truck is up in this motherfucker
So one shot for the money two's to stop the show
Third's for the bartender
(bitch bring me a bottle of Mo')
I just wanna know who's driving the black Mitsubishi
He tried to run so Proof shot him in the knee with a three-piece

[Eminem:]
One shot two shot three shots four shots
All I hear is gunshots
This is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor
Music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door
Somebody's licking shots off

###"Rain Man"###

[Dre (Em)]
Yeah
(Definitely, definitely, definitely, dope, definitely, definitely K-mart)
Yeah, yeah

[Eminem (Dr. Dre):]
You find me offensive, I find you offensive
For finding me offensive
Hence, if I should draw the line on any fences
If so to what extent
If at any should I go
'Cause it's getting expensive
Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive
They say I cause extensive
Psychological nerve damage to the brain when I go to lengths this,
Far at other peoples' expenses
I say you're all just too goddamn sensitive
It's censorship
And it's down right blasphemous
Let's end this shit now 'cause I won't stand for this
And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither
And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either
He used to be like a hero to me
I even believe I had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator
Right next to Darth Vader
And Darth must have put a hex on him for later
I feel like it's my fault 'cause of the way that
I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luthor
I killed Superman, I killed Super--man
And how ironic, that I'd be the bad guy
Kryptonite: The Green Chronic

[Chorus:]
'Cause I ain't got no legs!
Or no brain, nice to meet you
Hi, my name is...
I forgot my name!
My aim was not to become what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is....
Rain Man

Now in the Bible it says
Thou shalt not watch two lesbians in bed,
Have homosexual sex
Unless, of course, you were given the consent to join in
Then, of course, it's intercourse
And it's bi-sexual sex
Which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions
Either before, during or after performing the act of that which
Is normally referred to have such, more commonly known phrases
That are more used by today's kids
In a more derogatory way but
Who's to say, what's fair to say, and what not to say?
Let's ask Dr. Dre
Dr. Dre? (What up?)
I gotta question if I may? (Yeah)
Is it gay to play Putt-Putt golf with a friend (Yeah)
And watch his butt-butt when he tees off? (Yeah)
But, up I ain't done yet
In football the quarterback yells out hutt-hutt
While he reaches in another grown man's ass
Grabs on his nuts but just what if
It was never meant it was just an accident
But he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in
His teeny tiny little round hiney and he didn't mean it
But his little weenie flinched just a little bit
And I don't mean to go in into any more details but
What if he pictured it as a females butt?
Is that gay? I just need to clear things up
'Til then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because...

[Chorus]

You find me offensive, I find you offensive
Shit, this is the same verse I just did this
When am I gonna come to my good senses?
Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses
My spider sense is telling me Spiderman is nearby
And my plan is to get him next
And open up a whip-ass canister
Goddamn it Dre where's the god damn beat? (Yeah)
Anyway, anyway I don't know how else to put it
This is the only thing that I'm good at
I am the bad guy, Kryptonite: The Green Chronic
Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it
I got it, high five Nick Lachey
Stuck a pin in Jessica's head and walked away
And as she flew around the room like a balloon
I grabbed the last can of chicken tuna
Out the trash can and zoom
I headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch
With a peanut butter, jelly, chicken, tuna sandwich
And I ain't even gotta make no god damn sense
I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit

[Chorus]
Cause IIIAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHAHAHAAA AAAAAHAHHHHHHHHHH
Yo, Rain Man
Definitely, definitely Dr. Dre super dope beat maker two thousand and
Two thousand four hundred and eighty seven million
Nine hundred and seventy three thousand four hundred and sixty three
And seventy (Yeah)

###"Love The Way You Lie"###

[Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well, that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well, that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Eminem:]
I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe
I can't breathe but I still fight while I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight
High off her love, drunk from her hate,
It's like I'm huffing paint and I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate
And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates me
She fucking hates me and I love it.
"Wait! Where you going?"
"I'm leaving you!"
"No you ain't. Come back."
We're running right back.
Here we go again
It's so insane 'cause when it's going good, it's going great
I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane
But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed I snap,
"Who's that dude?"
"I don't even know his name."
I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again
I guess I don't know my own strength

[Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well, that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well, that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Eminem:]
You ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe when you're with 'em
You meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em
Got that warm fuzzy feeling
Yeah, them chills used to get 'em
Now you're getting fucking sick of looking at 'em
You swore you'd never hit 'em; never do nothing to hurt 'em
Now you're in each other's face spewing venom in your words when you spit them
You push, pull each other's hair, scratch, claw, bit 'em
Throw 'em down, pin 'em
So lost in the moments when you're in them
It's the rage that took over,
It controls you both
So they say it's best to go your separate ways
Guess that they don't know you 'cause today that was yesterday
Yesterday is over, it's a different day
Sound like broken records playing over but you promised her
Next time you'd show restraint
You don't get another chance
Life is no Nintendo game
But you lied again
Now you get to watch her leave out the window
Guess that's why they call it window pane

[Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well, that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well, that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Eminem:]
Now I know we said things, did things that we didn't mean
And we fall back into the same patterns, same routine
But your temper's just as bad as mine is
You're the same as me
When it comes to love you're just as blinded
Baby, please come back
It wasn't you, baby it was me
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much to walk away though
Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk
Told you this is my fault
Look me in the eyeball
Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the drywall
Next time? There won't be no next time!
I apologize even though I know it's lies
I'm tired of the games I just want her back
I know I'm a liar
If she ever tries to fucking leave again
I'mma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire
I'm just gonna

[Rihanna:]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well, that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well, that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

###"Hello"###

Hello
Allow me to introduce myself
My name is Shady
It's so nice to meet you
It's been a long time
I'm sorry I've been away so long
My name is Shady
I never meant to leave you

You see that chick in the gym checking me out?
Any second I'm 'bout
To stick her neck in my mouth
I lose a pill and I'm recklessly wrecking the house
That was supposed to be breakfast, where the heck is it now?

There's the necklace I lost, right next to Stephanie's blouse
Man I should check to see if my mom left any out
Nope, guess I'll re-route
Maybe somewhere in the depths of the couch
Oh! Jackpot! Yeah, 'Open Sesame' mouth

Down the hatch and the feeling you can't match it
I rap-tap-tap on your door with a damn ratchet
Attack-tack-tacking a whore with a damn hatchet
A knapsack packed with like 40-some Xanaxes

Shorty come back, I'm tryna score me some lapdances
I'm bout to relapse so baby pour me some Jack Daniel's
Formula 40-40 and 40s with bad capsules
The bad apple spoils the bunch I'm back at you

Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say "hello"
And are you menstruating baby, my little friend's waiting to say "hello"
The way your titties are wiggling and your booty's shaking like Jello
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say "hello"

My equilibrium's off, must be the lithium
I don't need to buy any drugs, man people give me 'em
It just becomes everyday extra-curriculum
No reason in particular, it was strictly fun

A fifth of rum and two bottles of 151
51 people asleep in my damn living room
Excuse me hun? But what is your name? Vivian?
I woke up next to you naked and uh, did we umm?

Of course we did, but didn't I strap Jimmy hun?
I'm looking for the torn wrapper but there don't seem to be one
No offense baby girl I don't mean any harm
But disease is something I'm trying to keep my penis free from

I find the package and I'm cool,
I immediately run
Like Speedy Gonzalez to see if I see anyone
Who might have a couple of threes,
I'm fiending for some
My head is pounding to the beat of the drum

Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say "hello"
And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow?
Some are oval, and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say "hello"

Oh, those were the days, they certainly were
It's hurting me to know that I'll be closing that curtain for good
Word-word, chi-word-word, chi-word-chi-chi-word
I second that and I third,
Rush to emergency surgery
To try to flush me because of the drugs that he purchased

He's no longer getting them free
Hundred bucks for these Percodans
Plus it's getting to be where he lustfully search the den
Pain is hitting his knee and his muscles be hurting him

Tirelessly on the phone tryna rustle up muscle relaxers
For his back and a couple of Paxils
Now he's doubling backwards and he's stumbling back
Slipped and fell, hit his back, boom, heard something go crack

Now he's up in the bathroom like he's busting a nap
Almost ended it that soon because of the fact
I'm just busting my own chops while I'm busting a rap
Resuscitated and rejuved so fuck it, I'm back

Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say "hello"
And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow,
Some are oval, and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say "hello"

And so I'm saying,

Hello allow me to introduce myself
My name is Shady
So nice to meet you
It's been a long time
I'm sorry I've been away so long
My name is Shady
I never meant to leave you

It's like starting over
Clean slate

###"Cinderella Man"###

Yeah,
You know, technically, I'm not even really supposed to be here right now,
So fuck it, might as well make the most of it.

(Amen!)
Yeah, haha
(Amen!)
Feels good,
(Amen!)
Whooo,
(Amen!)
Guess I'm lucky,
(Amen!)
Some of us don't get a second chance.
(Amen!)
But I ain't blowing this one.
(Amen!)
Naw man, haha
(Amen!)
Shit I feel like I can do anything now.

Who can catch lightning in a bottle? Set fire to water?
Comin' out the nozzle on the fire hose, flier than swatters?

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man.

Smash an hourglass, grab the sand, take his hands and cup 'em,
Spit a rhyme to freeze the clock, take the hands of time and cuff 'em.

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man.

There's a storm comin' that the weather man couldn't predict,
I start to bug prick, you better flee 'cause I get ticked
It's a rap, I was down, when I was down I was kicked.
I got up I'm back to punch you to the ground, you trick,
It's a trap, fuck my last CD the shit's in my trash,
I be goddamned if another rapper gets in my ass,
I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last.
You can die in the blink of an eye, so bat your eyelashes,
And keep winking and blowin' kisses 'cause you're flirting with death
I'm destroying your livelihood. I ain't just hurtin' your rep',
I catch a flow and get goin',
No remorse I'm showin', ain't slowin' for no one,
Knowin' there is nothin' you can do about it
Zeroin' on the target like a marksman,
The target is you.
I shut your lane down,
Took your spot, parked in it too,
Arsenic flow, lighter fluid, saliva what can you do?
Go get your crew to hype you up stand behind you like whoooo!

That boy's hot enough to melt Hell, burn Satan too:
Fry his ass, and put his ashes back together with glue,
See you can hate him, he don't blame you frankly he would too,
This game could ill-afford to lose him, how 'bout you?

Now guess who (hey),
Here's a clue (hey),
He came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his Nike shoe,
It's in your ass (hey),
He's in your ass, he's all up in your psyche too,
Now what's his name?

Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man, (hey, hey)

If I had a time machine I'd be
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Music is my time machine, so call me
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,

Fuck catching lightnin'
He struck it
Screamed "Shut up!" at thunder,
And flipped the world upside down and made it rain upward

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man.

Rewound the future to the present, paused it don't ask how,
Fuck the past motherfucker he's the shit right now
He's

Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man, Cinderella man.

Cinderella man
Send the fellow Shady dane came to wrap the game up in cellophane,
Raise up from hell he came,
But didn't come to bore you with the Cinderella story,
Nor did he come to do the same,
Or can't afford to be a label in this day and age,
And at this stage of the game
Mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly,
So say bye,
To the old H.I.
To the new, Que Será
Consider it his last hurrah
Coup de grâce
Raise 'em high in the sky,
Keep 'em up
Time to bring the place alive,
Thanks for being patient
I will make no more mistakes,
Shit my potato's baked,
Homie the veggies on my plate can fly,
My filet is smoking weed,
Yea faggot the steaks/stakes are high
Shit I ain't even suppose to be here
By the grace of God,
The skin on my teeth
And the hair on my nuts I skated by,
Now y'all are on thin ice
With ankle weights I hate to lie,
How fuckin' irritated are you?
How much in your face am I?
And ain't shit you can do but fear it
Proof is here in spirit and
And I'm the spittin' image
I'll mirror it
When I stand near it,
Your pussy lyric,
I cunt hear it,
Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists?

Who?
Here's a clue.
He came to the ball in his wife beater,
Lost his Nike shoe,
It's in your ass, he's in your ass, he's all up in your psyche too.
Now, what's his name?

Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man, (hey, hey)

If I had a time machine
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
I'd be
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,

Music is my time machine so call me
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man.

